With that Utahraptor out of the way I feel better ! A rare pleasure indeed , to have your problems put behind you and the future full of promise !
Imagine if that Utahraptor slipped in the shower ?
He'd certainly wish he'd stomped the soap out of the way ( much as I now stomp this little house ) as he passed on !
Perhaps in his last moments , the irony of the situation - from my perspective - would become evident .
Yes , I will freely enjoy stomping more now that he is gone !
Stop !
You ?
You have retreated too far into the realm of fantasy and have forgotten that I did not in fact expire in the shower !
I must guard against such self - absorption in the future !
I GUESS THERE IS A LESSON HERE FOR US ALL !
I feel today that my actions will be charged with symbolism .
* gasp *
As a male , I take on the position of the Everyman - with the latter syllable perhaps the most important from our post - Feminist perspective . The house clearly represents repressed femininity , at once recalling the blissful days of the past , while reminding us of their fundamental injustices . My action in destroying the house remains a puzzling enigma .
The emphasis on male oppression is continued as I stand poised to crush this woman beneath my man - foot .
No !
I've always seen you more as representing the essential struggle between man and his darker half .
Oh , that is a part of it , to be sure .
. . . but the desires of my darker nature manifest themselves as misogyny ! Surely that must enter into your analysis !
I had a friend ( female ) who dated her roommate ( also female ) .
Lesbians !
Of course there's always a danger when you go down the 'date - the - person - you - live - with' road .
oh baby i'm so glad we already live together and now are in a relationship ; it's bound to make things smooth and not at all awkward .
They broke up a week later and still had to live together .
The sting of failed romance !
I know it well .
I too have consummated my love for my roommate of the same gender . Now when I see him ( quite often , as it turns out ) , there is a tension that hurts me .
Right here .
LATER
!
I was his roommate .
The realization that I've had a homosexual affair with the Utahraptor THAT I CANNOT REMEMBER AT ALL profoundly disturbs me . How could I forget such a thing ?
I wonder what it was like ? Maybe I was really good !
Or MAYBE he's making the whole thing up ! That would explain why I don't remember it .
Extraordinary claims require extraordinary proof .
Yes ! Thank you !
I feel alot better about the whole thing now .
But I have proof !
You ?
What manner of proof have you ?
uh
well
i know that it's green
* gasp *
Knowing that the Utahraptor and I have had an illicit affair has put a new spin on our relation . I hope the easy camaraderie we share will not be lost .
I also hope I was the one who ended it .
THREE YEARS AGO
What about all the good times we shared ? How can you be so cold - blooded ? Or was that a lie too ?
I I'm sorry
That was indeed a difficult breakup . I'd prefer to be the person ending it , given the choice !
* ahem *
Eh ?
I just wanted to say that I will always treasure the short time we spent together , and I hope that in time you will understand how I feel .
It's such a little thing to weep , so short a thing to sigh ; And yet by trades the size of these We men and women die ! - Emily Dickinson
Anyway , I've had enough of that Utahraptor and his ilk . I don't care what he thinks we did !
What I do care about is vitamin B12 !
VITAMIN B12
an educational installment
Vitamin B12 : What is it ?
Vitamin B12 , also called cobalamin , is important to good health .
It helps maintain healthy nerve and red blood cells , and is also needed to make DNA , the genetic material in all cells . Vitamin B12 is bound to the protein in food .
What foods provide vitamin B12 ?
Beef liver , fish , eggs , and milk , among others .
What is the health risk of too much vitamin B12 ?
Vitamin B12 has a very low potential for toxicity .
Vegetarians who do not eat meats , fish , eggs , milk or milk products are at high risk of developing a vitamin B12 deficiency !
Individuals with stomach and small intestinal disorders may not absorb enough vitamin B12 from food to maintain healthy body stores .
I have thought of the snappiest comeback ever ! All I have to do is trick that Utahraptor into telling me what he'd like to make a living doing , if he had a choice . Then I can say :
" Well , sure . . . "
" If you call that 'living' ! "
He will be so shocked ! I expect this " zinger " to go down in history as the best example of its kind ever !
Stomping a few buildings and women should get his attention . . .
Stop stomping on things !
Only if you answer me a question !
If you could do anything to make a living , what would it be ?
I have always wanted to be a doctor ; they are so honourable in my mind and do so much for people in need .
So much .
They are the most pure and untouched example of " good " that I can imagine . Furthermore . . .
LATER . . .
. . . if you call that " living ! "
Ok , so that last joke didn't work so well . But wait till he hears this one ! I'll say " You know what's great ? "
" Not being a Utahraptor ! "
That's what he is ! That's why it is such a good joke ! Do you get it ?
Yeah it just seems , I don't know . . . a little racist .
What ? You're crazy !
I heard you were making racist jokes ? !
Uh , no ! But while you're here . .
You know what's great ?
Not being a T - Rex
No ! Not being a Utahrapt -
God damn it !
I have felt the harsh sting of my own racial joke turned against me ! Luckily , I've been saving a joke for just such an occasion .
All of those hours of thinking up insults for hypothetical enemies has finally paid off !
So , my racist joke somehow backfired on me .
I hope that's the last time you ever say that sentence .
Well , I've made up my own joke to get him today . All I need to do is " find that Utahraptor ! "
I hope the Utahraptor is around here somewhere ! My legs are giving tired .
I'm behind you .
There you are ! Knock , knock .
Who's there ?
Utah .
* sigh * Utah who ?
Utaught me how to be a stupid jerk !
And I was a very good student !
Do you even listen to yourself ?
No , but - - see , I learned it from you !
Today is a good day I think for pointing out the failures of others !
I will consider it as a public service !
To begin : your house is too small and your car is slightly out of scale ! And you ! Your colouring is improbable !
You , tiny woman , are too tiny and also lack personality !
I'm not a woman !
My comments were addressed to the young lady beneath my foot ; you were not their intended target .
My apologies .
You have difficulty discerning to whom I am speaking !
Imagine if we had a beach ball to kick around !
It would be so much fun !
woo ! party ! [ [ T - Rex is imagining himself holding a beach ball , he looks so happy ] ]
catch !
ha ha ! [ [ both Utahraptor and T - Rex are being imagined by T - Rex ] ]
So ! I intend to find a beach ball ! Do you know where they are kept ?
Sorry !
Maybe stomping this house will refresh your memory !
I know where you could find a beach ball !
[ [ Thinks about a beach ball , really excited ] ]
Where ?
Ha ha , I was just pulling your leg . I don't actually care for beach balls .
Or you , for that matter !
Another rejected overture towards friendship . . .
I really need to get inside his head !
Imagine if we had a beach ball to kick around !
It would be so much fun !
woo ! party ! [ [ T - Rex is imagining himself holding a beach ball , he looks so happy ] ]
catch !
ha ha ! [ [ both Utahraptor and T - Rex are being imagined by T - Rex ] ]
So ! I intend to find a beach ball ! Do you know where they are kept ?
Sorry !
Maybe stomping this house will refresh your memory !
I know where you could find a beach ball !
[ [ Thinks about a beach ball , really excited ] ]
Where ?
Ha ha , I was just pulling your leg . I don't actually care for beach balls .
Or you , for that matter !
Another rejected overture towards friendship . . .
I really need to get inside his head !
I wonder if I'm the only one that feels as if he isn't living up to his own potential ?
As a dinosaur , I mean .
It's time to live this day . . . TO THE MAX !
RARGH ! I am getting the most out of destroying this tiny log cabin !
It's been nice weather too !
My mouth has a nice fresh taste in it this morning !
Skin is not too itchy !
I am looking forward to a gooey feeling beneath my feet ! Soon !
Another day lived to the MAX ?
That is the plan !
Wouldn't you get more out of your days if you spend less time destroying and more time considering YOUR SOUL ?
Dinosaurs have souls ? !
Forget it ! All these personal revelations have left me baffled , disoriented . Values are baseless and nothing can be known or communicated !
I believe this is called " nihilism " .
When we abandon illusions , life is revealed as nothing ! It is nothing short of absurd !
There is no objective order to the world : all values are baseless and reasoning is impotent !
Destruction is the natural response to such a metaphysical collapse !
GoodBYE , house !
It is futile to do one's best in an absurd world !
Wait !
IS it not true that a " cheerful nihilism " can carry the day , distinguished by an easy - going acceptance of meaninglessness ? There is no need for such physical and psychological destruction .
Consider that !
If we accept that all perspectives are equally non - binding , then intellectual or moral arrogance will determine which perspective has precedence !
MY APOCALYPTIC TENOR HAS NOT BEEN DISPELLED !
I've got a question : who the hell goes to Cornwall ?
Seriously !
Who the hell goes to Cornwall ?
Seriously , who does that ?
Who the hell goes to Cornwall ?
I know !
Who the hell goes to Cornwall ?
Seriously !
COMPRESSED FILM COMICS
TODAY'S FILM : JURASSIC PARK
Sweet !
Ooh ! I get to be the T - Rex !
SOMEWHERE ON A PACIFIC ISLAND . .
Rawr ! I represent nature and cannot be controlled ! Watch as I destroy this house , representing humanity's folly !
I too represent nature , but rather its nurturing aspect !
Save us from the monsters we have created and were foolish enough to think we could control !
Mankind was foolish to unleash us upon the world ! Who are they to play God ?
You said it !
This is Unix ! I know this !
Also , I and you as well represent the threat of castration . Recall that the raptors were introduced with the image of a fossilized claw being used to 'geld' the curious boy . Reading the dinosaurs as Woman ( and recall that all the dinosaurs were cloned female ) it appears that the message of the film is that femininity is dangerous and must be repressed !
Rawr !
Today is a good day I think for taking control of my life ! No longer will I allow myself to be pushed around ( by random chance or otherwise ) !
My old push - over self is extinct - now I'm a self - motivated dynamo !
Stupid log cabin in my way ! Prepare to be returned to the ground ! Entropy is always increasing !
You justify your destruction via science ?
You shut up ! Don't try to push me around !
You too are in my way , little woman !
No she's not ! You're in her way !
What did you say ?
I said , maybe you should stop being such a jerk !
Maybe you should stop being a jerk also !
Maybe THAT !
Man . . . after what happened yesterday , I guess there is a certain tension between myself and the Utahraptor . Well , I'm going to make sure that tension ends . . .
. . . right now !
Hey , do you know how I could stop the Utahraptor from not being friends with me ?
Forget it ! Stomping is who I am !
I will have to find another way to win his friendship !
You're talking about me again ?
Look , I appreciate the sentiment , but you've got to stop trying so hard . It's just got to happen , naturally , over time .
Relationships take time and effort . They can't happen overnight .
HEY !
That's not what your Mom said !
Last night !
When we had SEX !
Man , I totally blew it yesterday with the Utahraptor . Why did I make a joke about his mom ?
Why oh why did I make a joke about his mom ?
Hey , I need some more advice . How can I apologise to the Utahraptor for saying that I had sex with his mom last night ?
You didn't .
Yeah . . . I kinda shouted it after him .
Three times .
Man . Well , here's what you have to do . . .
Don't you take a day off ? Quit stomping on things !
now's my chance !
Uh - well , what I want to say is that I'm sorry I said I had sex with your Mom last night . I actually didn't have sex with anyone last night .
Or ever , for that matter .
WHAT ?
What about us ? !
I can't help it if I can't remember it !
And I can't help it if you are a stupid dinosaur ! I wish I never met you !
oh , give me a BREAK !
TWO WEEKS LATER . . .
After all the crazy adventures in sexy exciting locales we've had over the past two weeks , it seems that the Utahraptor and I are friends again !
It's been a memorable two weeks indeed !
Do you recall a few days ago , when we had that hilarious conversation ?
I thought I would die laughing !
It was good times !
So many memories of the past two weeks . . .
Hey , good buddy !
How are you ?
Great ! AND , I finally thought of the perfect answer to the question you asked me , two week ago !
Oh ?
" No " !
[ thinking ] Genius !
COMPRESSED FILM COMICS
TODAY'S FILM :
BACK TO THE FUTURE
Awesome ! I get to be Marty !
" This is heavy " !
First things's first ! We have to travel back in time to 1955 !
Saturday , November 5th , 1955
That was easy !
Ok , I've got to make sure my parents meet , otherwise I'll be erased . . . from existence !
But the Delorean needs power for the flux capacitor : 1 . 21 jigawatts worth !
Oh no ! Am I to be trapped in the 50s forever ?
My only hope is to get them to kiss at the " Enchantment Under the Sea " dance !
Hey , butthead !
Why don't you make like a tree , and get out of here ?
I will , assuming lightning strikes the clock tower at exactly 10 : 04 p . m . !
I made it back to good old 1985 . But now Doc is back - back FROM the future ! And he's talking about my kids !
Something's got to be done about my kids !
[ in Back to the Future font ] TO BE CONTINUED
Today is a good day I think for people volunteering unwanted personal information about themselves !
Should be awkward !
AWKWARD MOMENTS COMICS
You know , I've never really been comfortable with being a vegetarian Dromiceiomimus .
Oh .
I see .
[ thinking ] Hmm . . . that was KIND of awkward .
Hey , I had a dream about you last night , only you had my mother's body , and , um -
Father's genitals .
Uh
LATER . . .
Wow . . .
That was awkward !
I have received complaints . Apparently I can be difficult to follow , and sometimes people get confused .
I hope that will not be the case today , with . . .
COMICS FOR THE EASILY CONFUSED
I will go for a walk and talk about the weather .
Nice weather today , isn't it ?
Yes , the weather has been very nice lately .
The two dinosaurs are talking about the weather .
Hello . Would you like to hear a joke about dinosaurs ?
Yes .
Here is a joke about dinosaurs : What makes more noise than one dinosaur ?
What ?
Two dinosaurs !
I get it !
Two dinosaurs would make more noise than one dinosaur .
If you are still confused , re - read this comic and I will things for you again .
Everytime I tried to tell you
the words
just came out wrong
So , I have to say I love you
IN A SONG !
What ?
I dreamed last night that I was sleeping in av ery tiny car .
When I woke up , my arms were sore !
True story !
But of course I don't try to read too much into that . . .
It was probably just some random neurons firing in my brain !
a very tiny car . . . COINCIDENCE ? What does it all mean ?
I had a crazy dream once !
Do tell !
I had this dream where I was playing basketball with Bill Cosby .
He kicked my ass !
Good Lord !
How is it that I have the same dream . . .
EVERY NIGHT ?
Sept . 6th , 1999 : " A new series of fossilized dinosaur tracks was discovered today near Drumheller , in Alberta , Canada . The tracks appear to be those of a fully grown
Tyrannosaurus Rex
but paleontologists are confused as to the origin of what appear to be fossilized wood fragments contained within , and scattered just beneath the footprint record .
These remarkable tracks are joined by those of an adult Utahraptor who apparently stopped and
stood face to face with the T - Rex ( one almost wants to speculate that the two were engaged in sparkling conversation ) before returning the way he came . . .
The tracks seem well - travelled , as if these two dinosaurs met on a daily basis . " - Reuters News Service
" THE MEASURE OF A MAN "
A CAUTIONARY TALE
TOLD VIA DINOSAUR PROXY
PART ONE
I see all of my relations in economic terms ! You provide value to me by providing me a " sounding board " for my ideas , and also ( potentially ) as a mate !
Conversely , this house provides no value to me , and my relation with it is understandably strained !
please leave me be
You too provide no value to me , young woman ! That is why I stomp you with impunity .
Hold it !
Does not seeing everything through the lens of economics ultimately reduce all relationships , in fact all of life , to mere line items on a hypothetical statement of earnings ?
Shit !
" THE MEASURE OF A MAN "
A CAUTIONARY TALE
TOLD VIA DINOSAUR PROXY
PART TWO
I can't believe that I didn't see that obvious flaw in my new philosophy ! *
I've got to start thinking these things through .
Wait - that's it !
From now on I will be pensive , considerate . I will be a reflective and thoughtful T - Rex !
Oh ?
Yes , I am a new , more thoughtful dinosaur .
Really ! How much thought did you put into stepping on that woman just now ? *
He's right !
Is this the portrait . . .
. . . of a dinosaur in crisis ?
TAKE HEED
fin
CHOOSE YOUR OWN ADVENTURE
YOU'RE THE STAR OF THE STORY ! CHOOSE FROM 2 POSSIBLE ENDINGS !
DINOSAURUS REX
You are a T - Rex , undisputed King of the Dinosaurs . You are out stomping when you see a log cabin ! Turn to panel 2 .
As you walk up to the cabin , you notice there are other dinosaurs here . Nearby there is a small Dromiceiomimus , watching . Off in the distance you see what looks like a large Utahraptor . Utahraptors were the natural enemies of your species . A meeting might lead to conflict . Do you want to try your luck in an encounter with the Utahraptor ? Turn to panel 4 . If you think it's better to play it safe , turn to panel 3 .
You turn to run away , but the Utahraptor chases you ! Luckily , you end up becoming friends and live happily ever after . THE END
As you approach , you realize that the Utahraptor is friendly ! The two of you begin a conversation . Things are going well until he starts to point out flaws in your philosophical beliefs ! No matter , I'll shout something clever after him . Turn to panel 5 . Forget it ! I'm leaving . Escape to panel 3 .
Before you can say anything , a giant meteor strikes the earth ! The impact wipes out 65 % of all life on the planet , including your own . Better luck next time ! THE END
CHOOSE YOUR OWN ADVENTURE
You're the star of the story ! Choose from any possible ending .
FREE WILL
Another beautiful day ! Today is a good day you think for some new variety , some new excitement in your life ! Turn to panel 2 .
You are hit with the sinking realization that you're in a rut : everday , you do the same old things . There must be more to living than this !
You vow to start making changes in your life , today . You can make the big decisions . You can make the small decisions . You are in control . Turn to panel 3 .
You are trying to think of some way you can change your life when an old friend of yours happens to stop by . Turn to panel 4 .
You chat for a while . You tell him of your day ; he tells you about his . It's a pleasant way to pass the time , and soon you have forgotten all about your decision to effect some change in your daily routine . Turn to panel 5 .
Only later , in the evening , do you realize that you've spent another day stuck in your self - imposed rut ! Another day , down the drain !
Damn . Well , there's nothing you can do about that now . Tomorrow is another day , and you'd better get to bed . Have a nice rest then turn to panel 1 .
If there were a soundtrack to my life , what would it sound like I wonder ?
Imagine if it had vocals ! And a drum solo !
It'd be awesome !
Here there would be some ominous music - FOR WILL THE GIRL SURVIVE ?
Wait !
The idea of a soundtrack to a life is a stupid idea . You're just going to come across a band of musicians that wants to follow you around ?
well , it - - um it's not like they wouldn't get paid
* sob *
I have determined something exciting ! Brace yourselves , for what I have discovered is nothing less than . . .
the SECRET to BEING LOVED !
It's so easy !
[ text covered by Dromiceiomimus ]
Have you seen my keys ?
huh ?
Oh , no .
so anyway , the secret I discovered to being loved is simply -
Hey !
Hey , what's up ?
Not much !
I was just talking about the secret to being loved .
Yikes ! Count me out !
Ok , some other time !
HILARIOUS DIFFERENCES BETWEEN THE SEXES
presented using a primarily - male cast of dinosaurs
Oh boy !
I bet I can figure out hundreds of hilarious differences !
For instance : as a male , I can be impatient , sometimes to my own detriment ! Notice how I destroy this house rather than walking around it .
I am a more patient woman and I did not resort to violence to solve my problems !
It is as if we are from two different planets !
Yes , the two sexes certainly do have some hilarious differences !
Indeed !
For instance , my mother was left , at the age of 22 and with two children to care for , by a sometimes - abusive , always - absent husband .
I know this may be sexist , but I don't believe a woman is capable of such neglect .
LATER . . .
Hey !
I can also pee standing up !
I wonder , are there any universes parallel to our own ?
A " mirror " universe , if you will !
But perhaps in this universe , different decisions were made . Choice piles upon choice , until the world is a strangely different place !
It raises many philosophical questions !
For instance : is there any true Self ?
What a brave new world it would be . . .
Interesting !
Your self - vocalized musings provide the perfect segue into my announcement that I have discovered a way to travel between universes !
Seriously ?
Just watch !
All I have to do is concentrate , and . . .
Noo ! Don't do it !
MIRROR UNIVERSE COMICS
Say " goodbye " to your house , Dromiceiomimus ! If you don't like it , you can LODGE a complaint . . . with my foot !
Ha ha ha !
I love being bad - I mean I love being good ! Because " bad " is " good " to us ! And by " us " , I mean the entire Universe .
T - Rex , is that you ?
The Utahraptor ?
Uncanny ! I seemed to have switched places with my mirror - universe alternate !
T - Rex , you've got to stop the madness that seems to grip this Universe ! There is another way to live : a way based on peace and mutual respect !
Rex : Where's your goatee ?
I don't have a goatee ! That Utahraptor has moved to . . . Good God ! He's in my universe !
Sweet !
Well , I hope wherever the Utahraptor ended up , he's alright . Maybe he landed in a Universe just like ours , but where one simple thing has undergone a sinister - and illustrative - change !
Or maybe he's travelled to the Universe of the Lesbains !
But I guess no matter where he is , this is the end of our daily conversations . . . I don't know what I'm going to do with the second half of my day if he's not around .
* sigh *
T - Rex ?
Utahraptor , it's you ! You're back from the alternate universe ! But . . . something's different . . .
No ! Nothing is different !
I am the same Utahraptor as always !
Prove it !
I frequently debunk your theories !
* gasp *
I'm not as gullible as everybody seems to think I am . I know that the Utahraptor is not the one from my universe !
I've got to rescue the real Utahraptor !
But how ? I don't really know how to do anything besides stomp on things . Maybe if he needed something stomped I could help !
I could also contribute to a discussion re : philosophy .
Hey , I need you to help me to build a machine that will destroy all life on the planet .
And then afterwards we'll discuss philosophy or something like that , OK ?
I'm torn ! !
MIRROR UNIVERSE COMICS
I see you've rebuilt your house ! Too bad I'm the personification of its destruction . . . in a MANOR of speaking !
Ha ha ha ! Two in a row !
Yes , house - themed puns come courtesy of me , the Evil T - Rex !
LATER . . .
Youuuutahraptor !
Oh Youuutahraptor !
What do you want ?
I was just wondering if it bothers you when I senselessly step on people .
Yes , it does .
Oh , that's too bad !
Cause here I go !
God damn you , Evil T - Rex !
MIRROR UNIVERSE COMICS
Rebuilt again , eh ? I'll have to make a note of that , in my LOGS !
Ha ha ha !
Wait . . . does that even make sense ?
Ah , who cares ! The Utahraptor's been having a bad time here , and I'm to credit ! I wonder how long he'll stay ?
( I can't wait till he finds out I replaced his toothpaste with a COMPETING BRAND OF TOOTHPASTE ! )
Goodbye , Evil T - Rex ! I'm returning to my own Universe !
No , wait !
Stay !
Brush your teeth !
POOM
THE NEXT DAY . . .
And then , just as fast , I was back here again . . . back in my own universe !
And you say NOBODY had goatees ?
Nope !
Huh ! Well , tell you what . I'll stomp on her first , then you go , OK ?
It's good to be back !
The presence of the evil Utahraptor in this Universe has raised the very philosophical questions I had earlier been concerned about !
For instance !
Can the two Utahraptors be considered the same person ? Is the evil one just the result of some decision made differently ?
Are the actions of one the restrained impulses of the other , or are they really two different individuals ?
Could one , in time , become the other ?
Additionally , -
T - Rex ! It's me - I'm back !
Utahraptor ! It's you !
Hello ! I had been in a mirror universe , where we all had goatees and were evil !
Let me just say , " It's good to be back on Earth Prime ! "
Hey !
I lived in your house while you were gone !
I ATE SOME FOOD
COMPRESSED RELATIONSHIP COMICS
Oh oh . . .
Sounds like another emotional roller coaster . . .
And here we go !
I have much to offer a potential mate ! I am big and strong and oh so sexy !
If only I could find someone , preferably in my own neighbourhood , to be my companion and also to have sex with !
Hello !
Why , hello !
I notice you are attractive !
You as well !
Care to put our emotional stability on the line in exchange for a chance at happiness ?
OK !
So . . .
So . . .
I'm leaving you !
* sob *
Alone again .
SIERRA ? PRESENTS DINO QUEST 1
You have arrived in the time of the dinosaurs ! Looking around , you see a large green T - Rex . He seems excited !
You can't take that
You see the T - Rex , stomping a house . There is a Dromiceiomimus here .
I don't see that here .
I don't see that here .
I don't see that here .
I don't know how to " god damn " .
The T - Rex chases you . Be careful ! There is a Utahraptor here .
Before you can do anything , you are stepped upon ! You have died .
You cannot do anything because you are dead . All you can do is SAVE , RESTORE or QUIT .
Are you sure you want to quit ? ( Y / N )
You scored 0 points out of a possible 158 . Thank you for playing Sierra's DINO QUEST !
LECTURE NOTES COMICS
TODAY'S LECTURE : DISCRETE MATH
Pay attention , now !
if you do not like math then skip this comic ( seriously )
The circuit satisfiability problem is determining if there are some inputs that make the outputs of a circuit " true " !
A closely related problem is the formula satisfiability problem , SAP , which can be mapped one - to - one , and in linear time , to the circuit satisfiability problem .
So what does this mean ?
If we can solve SAT problems in f ( n ) time , then circuit - SAT can be solved in 0 ( n ) + f ( n ) time !
But circuit - SAT can not be solved quickly .
Indeed . Therefore , SAT is as " hard " as circuit - SAT .
Similarly hard problems are " Clique " , " Vertex - Cover " and the Travelling Salesman Problem .
Solving these problems ( P ) can be accomplished in polynomial time !
Verifying solutions ( NP ) can also be done in polynomial time !
The question is . . . does P = NP ?
Today is my favourite day of all !
April Fool's Day !
Chief among my loves is the love of tricking people ! I bet I can totally fool the Utahraptor today .
How do you intend to fool him ?
I feel certain the opportunity will present itself .
here he comes !
Hey , T - Rex !
Hey ! Don't try to trick me .
Huh ? Oh , April Fool's . No , I just wanted some help moving something heavy .
Sorry , I'm busy .
Oh .
Ok .
April Fool's !
Another day full of possibilities !
I wonder what adventures I'll have today . . .
I wonder !
Hello everyone , it's me !
Yay ! The T - Rex is here ! I love you , T - Rex !
Ho ho ! Good to see you too , D . !
I'm sorry I was ever mean to you in the past , T - Rex !
That's OK !
You are an awesome dude and we should play beachball sometime soon !
You - you really mean it ?
Yep ! I'd love to play beachball with you .
Just say the word !
If only !
* sigh *
If only .
Last Thursday was a big day !
Let's recap !
I have much to offer a potential mate ! I am big and strong and oh so sexy !
If only I could find someone , preferably in my own neighbourhood , to be my companion and also to have sex with !
Hello !
Why , hello !
I notice you are attractive !
You as well !
Care to put our emotional stability on the line in exchange for a chance at happiness ?
OK !
So . . .
So . . .
I'm leaving you !
Ahh . . . .
Good times !
" SECRET HANDSHAKES "
I had a friend once who joined a sorority .
We were all like . . .
" At least I don't have to buy my friends ! "
It didn't really make sense , because we were already her friends , for free . But we ran with it .
Whatever became of this woman ?
She ended up married , I think .
THE END
" LAFFS A - PLENTY "
T - Rex , guess what ?
Oh my gosh ! What ?
My brother is going to be a daddy !
Oh my gosh ! !
THE END
The Utahraptor's brother is having children - it seems the time of parenthood is upon us !
How quickly we find ourselves in the positions of adults !
Dromiceiomimus , do you think you might have children some day ?
I don't know - I don't feel qualified to have children .
That's exactly how I feel ! You've articulated it perfectly .
Will I ever feel qualified ?
I hope so !
I'm sure you'd make a great parent , T - Rex ! I can imagine you running around with all your kids behind you , teaching them how to stomp on things . . .
5 little baby T - Rexes , each with their own pair of cute little arms !
What do you mean , " cute " ?
" Cute " ? !
I can't believe the Utahraptor thinks that T - Rexes are cute . I am not cute ! My daily romps inspire fear in all who meet me !
Fear !
Dromiceiomimus ! Do you think me and my little green arms are cute , or do they rather inspire a chilling fear in your very SOUL ?
Heh . I never noticed before , but they are kinda cute .
But look : I'm crushing a house ! It is very frightening !
What could be more terrifying than being crushed by a T - Rex ?
Being mauled by a Utahraptor ?
What ?
I'm just sayin' .
THAT EVENING . . .
Does no one realize that this is a very sensitive issue for me ? !
I have been thinking , and I have come up with the perfect solution to the problem of my being considered , by others , to be " cute " .
I will get a pet !
A little animal that will follow me around on my adventures , be my companion . . . someone to keep my bed warm at night !
Also , this pet will have to be cuter than I am , thereby making me look even tougher in comparison !
A small pet , perhaps something bite - sized . . .
Looking for a pet ?
Yes ; have you any suggestions ?
I have no input of value relative to this specific situation .
Thanks anyway !
Guess what I got last night ?
A dog !
Did you know that dogs and dinosaurs co - existed ?
Yes , I accepted it without questioning .
Good !
I am excited to go play with my new pet dog !
What are you going to name him ?
I am thinking , " T - Junior " .
That's terrible .
What about " Dogasaurus Rex " ?
Excuse me .
Well , it's better than " Utahraptor " !
What is that anyway , a place ?
" Utah " ?
I've got to remember to feed my pet dog !
THE NEXT DAY . . .
I forgot to feed the dog ! I'll do it tomorrow .
THE NEXT DAY . . .
Got any plans for the summer ?
Actually , I might go up north for a bit .
Shoot ! You know what ? I was supposed to feed the dog today !
THE NEXT DAY . . .
Hey T - Rex , have you fed your dog yet ?
Oh hell !
THE NEXT DAY . . .
Did you remember to feed the dog ?
God damn it ! Can you believe I forgot again ?
TWO WEEKS LATER . . .
!
SHIT !
I have a friend , of my own age , who is having a relationship - the only word for it is " affair " - with a woman who is engaged to be married !
It's time for . . .
ADULTEROUS AFFAIRS COMICS
It kind of came out of nowhere . . . she is into him and he is into her , so where's the problem ? What's the big deal about polygamy ?
The problem of course is the fianc ? , who ( as I understand it ) does not support his wife - to - be sleeping around with another man .
Further complications : both men look the same ! It's a little weird .
How am I to advise this friend - should he break it off ? Should he let the woman make her own decisions ?
Hmm !
I didn't realize such situations occurred in real life . . . a young woman , engaged to be married to an older man , meets a dynamic young one and falls in love !
Yes , it's a hackneyed situation , but one which all involved are living , as we speak !
Hey , wait !
Come back !
YOU FORGOT TO GIVE ME THE ANSWER TO MY PROBLEM !
A Hiftory of Dinofaurs
Being a Survey of the Fielde , tolde with equal parts Flourish and Paedogogy , epitomized by a plain and familiar Manner , without and unnecessary Mixture of useless Curiosities and needless Repetitions .
[ Price 6d . ]
Dinosaurs , or Man - Lizards , to - day knowne as G - d's Mistake , had assum'd Domain over all the Worlde , including the dark Lands of China - Men .
By no means Fit for their Purpose as Kings and Queens , the Dinosaurs spread Fear and Incontenience , along with several similar Inconve - niencies , which neither can be Described nor Understood without having first seen one of the Faersome beasts for oneself ; thy Stars are indeed Fortunate , for in to - day's Moderne Age , the only such Animale thy shall see is in a rare Wood - Cut or handsel Picture - Book , where thou art Protected from the joyn'd Devourment and Digestione by the Fictionality of the Beast in question .
The plague of their Times , the Dinosaur was known for taking Plaesure in rendering one's abode or Self flatten'd .
This being the Case , there was great room to Fear , for many chylds would not survive the certain Mis - chief done them by the Tyranno - saurus Rex , Utahed - Raptor , & c .
The stern voice of Science tells us that these Monstrosi - ties , once having exhausted the Novelty of Death - giving , simply took it as a Matter - of - Course , and paid it little Attenshon , likely dedicating the remainder of their Facu - lities towards some Conversation and Jokery .
Being thus provided with a Compleat exposi - tion of the Dinosaurs , take care , gentle Reader , that you do not deviate from the strait and Upright path set before you by our Father , lest you find thyself in the same Posi - tion as these Beasts , and there be no roome for you on the Ark .
MDCCXLIX
Today . . .
* sigh *
Today , I am troubled .
Troubled by thoughts of my own mortality !
What if I don't live forever ? Then there would be no more T - Rex - no more me !
I would be gone !
Have I done anything worthwhile with my life ?
Thoughts of mortality , I see !
I believe that when we die , our bones will be transformed over geologic time into rocks , and that these " fossilized " bones will one day be discovered , reconstructed , and displayed !
That is our ultimate destiny ?
So I believe !
I hope people like my bones !
Well , my dog ran away . I know !
Can you believe it ?
I guess some people just aren't cut out for having pets !
But , aren't you simply avoiding any responsibility here by transforming a personal failing into something cosmically fated ?
I said , I guess some people just aren't cut out for having pets !
I agree , T - Rex ; I think you are to blame here .
I say I am not !
SHORTLY . . .
My dog ran away by his own free will !
Yes , he chose to run away , but he made that choice because you didn't feed him for two weeks five days straight ! God , just forget it ! I'm so tired of your poorly - thought - out plans !
I'm sorry we ever had a homosexual affair !
I wonder what's bothering the Utahraptor ? He totally " wigged out " on me yesterday .
What a great expression !
Did you hear ? The Utahraptor totally " wigged out " on me yesterday !
He " wigged out " ?
He totally did !
Yesterday !
Yesterday , he " wigged out " !
Stop it , T - Rex !
How long have you been standing there ?
Long enough ! Look , about yesterday : I'm sorry I said what I did . I've just been a little stressed lately . Also , stop saying " wigged out " . I know you like it , but it really annoys me .
Don't make me choose !
I have been compiling a list that I think might be of value !
What I have compiled is nothing less than . . .
A list of phrases you should never say because nothing good will ever come of them !
First on the list : " What do you mean you don't love me ? "
You're right : there's no way that could lead to anything good .
See what I mean ?
I've got a good one for the list !
Oh ?
" I've always seen you as the mother I never had . "
Yikes .
Yeah , it works especially well if you say it to your girlfriend .
Geez , man . . .
Thanks for the tip !
Today is a good day I think for going to all - you - can - eat restaurants !
Imagine . . .
All I can eat !
As a T - Rex , I appreciate being able to gorge myself for one low price .
It's a good thing gluttony isn't a sin !
indeed !
Have you considered the meaning of your actions ?
* gasp *
I have not !
Well then , allow me . An all - you - can - eat restaurant , especially in a world where people are starving , is essentially immoral . Besides , consider the symbolism of gorging yourself on more food than you actually need : of eating just for eating's sake . Gluttony because it's affordable : what kind of
image is that ? Plus , you can't . . . such a restaurant . . . if you don't . . . cheap , it becomes All - You - Can - Politely - Eat , since you're trying to impress your date and thus you can't go all - out . Food should be a delight , not a symbolic stop at a gas station . I find
I'm going to eat SO MANY WINGS !
COMPRESSED PORNOGRAPHY COMICS
Oh oh . . .
Cover your eyes !
Alright , I'm a plumber come to " fix your pipes " but you have no money ! Also you're Asian .
Is there no way I can pay you ?
Perhaps through . . . sexual intercourse ?
LATER . . .
Whew !
That was graphic !
Can I borrow a cup of sugar ?
Wait . . . why do you need sugar ?
It's a pretense for a scene of cooking - themed sex .
Oh my goodness !
LATER . . .
Is this the face of exploitation ?
Here's a question to ask myself :
" Why am I here ? "
The answer ?
I have no { { censored } } clue !
Hey ! Careful with the cusses , Captain Cussy Pants !
Sorry .
My point is -
Did you just swear ? !
Yes I just swore ! I said -
I don't want to hear it ! No cussing !
FINE .
{ { censored } } { { censored } } { { censored } } { { censored } } { { censored } } mother { { censored } } ! !
ALTERNATE ENDING COMICS
that Utahraptor and his ilk . I don't care what he thinks we did !
What I do care about is vitamin B12 !
ENDING ONE
. . . if only I knew more about it !
THE END
ENDING TWO
. . . and that's when I woke up and realized that the past few weeks had all been some crazy dream ! IT WAS ALL A DREAM !
Damn , guy , you shoulda realized when the Utahraptor was as big as you !
THE END
THANKS FOR READING !
ENDING THREE
How can you talk about vitamins when I'm having your baby ?
What ?
But - you're a guy ! . . . AREN'T YOU ?
So you assumed ! But , think back ! Did you ever see me wearing pants ?
Did ANYONE ?
He - she's right !
finito
ENDING FIVE
IN MEMORY of GENE RODDENBERRY
DEPRESSION COMICS
It's all so meaningless !
No wonder nobody likes me !
Why should I even bother stomping this house ? It's just going to get rebuilt .
Screw it !
Screw EVERYTHING !
What the heck's your problem , T - Rex ?
Oh , I'm just practicing . How was I ?
Pretty good .
I know , eh ?
Hey , can you do " I wish I was never born " ?
I wish I was never born !
COMPRESSED FILM COMICS
today's film : TITANIC
And that makes me the love interest !
I'm a ruffian with a heart of gold ! Are there any sensual socialites on board ?
I'm the snidely husband - to - be of just such a bored but sensual socialite : Rose ! Stay away from her ! Your " forbidden love " has no place in my haughty world of pretension .
You are repressing her free spirit and sexuality ! Notice how I am a throughly modern hero , despite my being born in the 1900s ? I am appealing to a hypothetical audience , 100 years in the future !
I am Rose , your fated lover ! Let us enjoy ourselves in this consequence - free environment !
Sweet !
Would you say that not even God Himself could tea us apart ?
There's no time for that now ! The ship is sinking and there are not enough lifeboats !
I will float on this piece of debris , but I am sorry , there is only enough room for one !
DENOUEMENT :
I was a fool !
I have discovered a new philosophy for life that appeals to my own sense of self - worth !
Egoism !
In egoism , all your actions are motivated by a desire to make things easy for one person : yourself ! For instance , I crush this house because it's in my way . My actions are justified , thanks to egoism !
But what about yourself ? You're only here because your parents selflessly decided to have children . Your very existence is against egoism .
They probably realized what a great dinosaur I'd be and figured it would be in their own interests to creat me !
What the hell ?
First off , I don't know why you need egoism to justify the destruction you're going to wreak ANYWAY . Second off , egoism doesn't account for charity , unless you reduce it to 'good will in the bank' , saved for some future benefit . That in turn doesn't account for charity seen in lesser animals , who aren't cognizant of such self - centered account - keeping . In conclusion : it's untenable .
" In conclusion : it's untenable " ? YOU MUST BE A LOT OF FUN AT PARTIES !
COMPRESSED SELF - REALIZATION COMICS
Oh boy ! I wonder what the Utahraptor and I are going to talk about today ?
You know what . . .
. . . I really look forward to seeing him !
THE END
EXPANDED SNEEZE COMICS
Ah -
Are you going to sneeze ?
Ahh -
You're going to sneeze !
Choo !
I have decided to become a scientist dinosaur . All I need to complete the ensemble is glasses and a lab coat .
You can call me . . .
Professor Tyrannosaurus Rex , PhD !
Do you have any science questions you'd like answered ?
Actually . . . I have been dabbling in genetics and was wondering what a group of alleles is called .
It depends on what alleles you're talking about . In the same gene , they're called an " allelic series " but in different genes , a set of alleles is known as a " haplotype " .
And now I will demonstrate stomping physics !
Stop please !
How the heck did you answer that genetics question just now ? I didn't know you knew about stuff like that !
I - I don't know !
I have surprised even myself !
So then , today is a good day for learning to play the piano !
For such a skilled dinosaur as myself , it should be simple !
Besides , nothing says " cultured " like playing the piano !
Hey , if you learn to play the piano , does that mean you'll stop stomping on things ?
No , I feel I can do both .
But T - Rex , you can't play the piano !
What ?
Why not ?
Well , uh - it's just that your arms are too tiny to possibly reach the keys . I'm uh ( this is awkward ) - I'm sorry , T - Rex , but this is one dream of yours that will be thwarted by your own body .
But
I'm sorry .
EARLIER THAT MORNING . . .
I bet if I could play the piano I would finally be happy with myself !
I have been working on a script : a noir about a computer programmer who gets involved in a snuff film conspiracy . The title ?
( A ) bort ,
( R ) etry ,
( M ) urder !
So the main character - the programmer - saves the girl from the killer , but then makes an error . . . a FATAL ERROR .
Is the entire script based on computer puns ?
Well . . .
So far , yeah .
But there is a scene where he types and the screen projects onto his face !
Stop it !
T - Rex , you're just ripping off every movie ever made with computers in it . What are you saying that's new ?
What are you saying that's original ?
You must not have heard what my main character's name is !
STACK OVERFLOW !
Today is a good day I think for picking up a foreign language ! To better myself and the world , so to speak !
Now , which language to choose . . .
I know ! I'll just learn all of them !
SOME SHORT TIME LATER . . .
Nenu maamsamu chepalu thinanu !
Nena shudda shaakaahaarini !
Nenu gudlu , paalu , venna tinanu .
Pokazi mi kade boli !
Iskasht li pomosht ?
Tova e dobre .
Ne sega !
Ako obichash !
Saluton !
Mi parolas Esperanton !
Ne ridigu min !
Mi scias .
Oni rabatencis min .
* Asian characters *
It has come to my attention that I have different interests than I did when I was a child . In many significant ways , we are two different people .
So the questions is :
Who am I ?
Since an individual can " evolve " over time , what makes them a person at all ? Is there no connection between myself as a child and myself now , besides the fact that we share a ( now post - pubescent ) body ?
What is the point about worrying about the Self if the Self is in a constant state of change ?
Why should we bother assigning an identity to what is essentially one frame of a constantly - changing motion picture .
T - Rex !
I think you are overanalyzing this . People change , that is part of life . Just because we're in a state of gradual evolution doesn't mean we have no identity ; indeed , that identity is probably what's guiding the evolution .
You raise some good points . However , you forget one crucial thing .
NOBODY ASKED YOU !
Man , that was indeed a good " zinger " I got the Utahraptor with yesterday . I wonder if I can get him again today with some - such similar ploy ?
Just to keep the friendship interesting , you understand .
Hey , I bet if I ignore him , it will arouse a reaction !
Time to start practicing ! Say something to me .
Huh ?
What's that ? I'm sorry , I wasn't paying attention !
This is awesome !
Hey , quit stomping on things !
What's that ? I'm sorry , I wasn't paying attention !
I said , " quit stomping on things " !
Huh ? Oh , you're still here ! What were you saying ?
* sigh *
Screw you , I'm going home .
Yes !
Today : Origin of the dinosaur Comics , part I
Ahhh . . . such a fine day . An excellent day to stomp things , I should think .
There ! I see just such a thing for me to stomp . But then are all things not equal under mine , the mightiest of feet ?
Nothing beats a relaxing day of stomping humans and their tiny accessories . Especially for a T - Rex such as myself .
Some day all of this carnage and destruction is going to catch up with you . Perhaps even in the unlikely form of the destruction of our universe , and its replacement with an eerily similar one .
Hah ! I'd like to see that !
Stop ! I just realized humans and dinosaurs never existed at the same time !
And yet here were are .
See ? I've stomped hundreds of humans and nothing ever happens but a satisfying " squish " .
That was before you knew man and dino never coexisted ! Your interaction could have dire repercussions . It could tear apart the very fabric of space and time !
What have I done ?
Today : Origin of the dinosaur comics , part ] [
What's happening to me ? I feel so different all of a sudden !
My brain is flooding with new ideas and concepts !
This cabin for example , represents the great works of mankind . My foot symbolizing a Derridesque deconstruction , forever driving a wedge between the artist and his creation .
What are you doing ? You've already destroyed one universe !
But what is a universe compared to the collective arts of countless civilizations ?
Here comes that utahraptor , again . No doubt to debunk my pseudo - philosophical ideals .
Stop , you fool . You'll ruin everything !
With your knowledge , you can never again stomp the humans !
What ? ! ? !
* squish *
Have I learned nothing ? ! ? !
Ahhh , my old dinosaur bones yearn for a simpler time .
Truly ignorance is bliss . Ignorance and stomping humans , that is .
If that stupid Utahraptor hadn't told me his theory , I could easily stomp a tiny cabin like this wihout a care in the world .
It seems to me we'd all be better off if utahraptor had never told you anything .
Indeed we would . . . Indeed we would .
I knew this would get your attention . Now , why did you tell me your theory in the first place ?
You gave me the idea !
Funny , I don't remember that .
Well , what's done is done . It's not as if you could travel back in time and stop me !
But what if i could ?
Today : Origin of the dinosaur comics , part IV
Well then , I'd best begin my preparations for time - travel ! I'll stop that Utahraptor of 3 days ago from telling the past me about his theory .
Swirling maelstrom of dark energies : Check !
Dino - Goggles : Check ! Well , that's everything . I guess I'm ready to go back through time .
Ahh , three days in the past . Now I'll get Utahraptor to tell his theory to me instead of the past me .
Hi T - Rex , what's new ?
Say . . . you wouldn't happen to have any new theories to tell me ? Perhaps about humans and dinos not existing in the same time period ?
Hmmm . . . no , but that sounds like a great topic for my thesis ! Thanks for the idea .
Not again ! !
Today : Origin of the dinosaur comics , part V
I can't believe it , I'm the source of my own problems ? But I so enjoy blaming society for my shortcomings !
Perhaps a good stomping will ease my troubled mind .
I take it from your glum demeanor that your ill - advised foray into time - travel destroyed yet another reality ?
Pretty much , yeah .
I guess you're here to gloat , Utahjerktor .
Actually I'm here to congratulate you .
WHAA ? ?
Since you proved time travel was possible , it doesn't matter that humans and dinos never coexisted .
Seriously ? I guess my trip through time wasn't all bad then . I probably shouldn't have slept with my grandmother , though .
What ? ? ? ? You only went back three days !
Shut up !
I have been thinking lately
Does anyone truly own the internet ?
I shall become its first and only lord !
You can't . It belongs to god .
God ? ! ? !
I hear you want the internet ?
Yes .
Well , you can't have it . It can't be policed . Infact , if you were even to put your ideas up on the internet you would lost control of them . Other people would use them . Change them .
Erk !
Something is amiss !
Perhaps it is simply a problem with my vision ?
Does the world look normal to you ?
Perhaps you'd see things clearer standing in the light of god .
God ? ! ? !
Yes my son ?
You gave me shitty eyeballs !
And a lousy penis too !
Fucker !
When I'm dead I want to be rembered not for my fossiled remains but for my . . .
Rock Music ! ! ! ! !
wHHHOOOOoooo
That was awfull . Your " music " is against gods divine plan .
God ? ! ? !
It's true . There no room in heaven for foul lyrics and mega rock riffs .
but god . . . . . .
I'm sorry .
ROCK MUSIC ! ! ! ! !
If you want that sort of thing you'll have to go to hell .
Are there lots of hot babes in hell ?
No !
That was a joke ! Hot babes ? Hell ? Hot ? Hell is hot ?
I , THE T - REX HAVE COME TO A MOMENTUS DESCISION !
I WANNA GET LAID !
WHOOOOO ! ! ! ! ! WHERE CAN I SCORE ME SOME FEMALE T - REX DINOSAURS ? ! ?
I CERTAINLY HOPE THAT AFTER YOU SATISFY YOUR BASE DESIRES YOU PLAN TO CONFESS YOUR SINS BEFORE GOD .
GOD !
NO PROBLEM BUDDY . I'LL JUST NEED A RIB
SERIOUSLY ?
SERIOUSLY .
I'VE GOT LOTS OF THOSE !
Time for a comic about . . .
GOOD BOOKS , BAD BOOKS
* sigh * . . . I think it would be a great day to do some stomping . . .
Bwwhaahaahaaa ! Take that , little tiny house ! And THAT ! Little tiny , car !
WAIT ! Don't you worry that other dinos will start putting you in their bad books ?
Bad books ? I never thought about it .
Hahaha ! You're going down , little woman !
Wait ! Stop !
Wha ?
T - Rex ? Why do you have to be violent ? You're already in everybody's bad books . Why can't you do something good for once ?
I'm in everybody's bad book ? ? ?
But I want to be in the GOOD BOOKS ! ! !
What If . . . All Dinosaurs Were Stand - Up Comedians ?
It could happen ! Think about it !
Have you ever wondered why dinosaurs are so loud ?
I mean , is there any reason to be shouting ? Have we lost a puppy ? Are we dissatisfied with the taste of tar ? Do we hurt our feet by CRUSHING PUNY LOG CABINS ?
Boo ! You suck , T - Rex !
Maybe it's because MY WIFE LEFT !
Hey hey hey !
Huh ?
In Soviet Russia , inanimate objects step on you !
What a country !
Answer : They'd all be retarded .
Cute Hand Drawn Dinosaur Comics
Today I think I will win over the Utahraptor with my wit
I have been carefully constructing a pun that not only applies to him as an individual but can also be appreciated by countless others
Hey T ! Did you hear that I'm going to be working at a golf club this summer ?
Sounds like you'll be making a lot of " green " !
Get it ? Get it ? " GREEN " ? !
What the hell is it going to take ? ? ?
Lately I have been questioning my choice to remain single .
Automobiles responsibility ! Children ! Housing !
She looks like a comely mate . I will impress here by my finesse and skill
Stop !
Huh ?
Did you realize that you just laughed at somebody's house , car , + kid !
SHIT
Today I will become . . .
a comic artist !
I will win the Nobel Prize for webcomics !
The what ?
I will have a garage for six cars ! ! !
I will have a telephone that lets me talk to Corey Feldman !
The loneliest laundromat .
written by A DINOSAUR ! !
ONE DAY IN THE ARCTIC CIRCLE . . . . . . . .
HELLO , FRIEND ! ! !
WOULD YOU LIKE TO HAVE AN ADVENTURE ! ! !
POKEY WHERE SHALL WE GO ON OUR FUN ADVENTURE ! ! ! ! ! !
I HEAR ONCE YONDER A TALE IS TOLD ! THE CATTLE ARE ROUGH AND THE WOMEN ARE BOLD !
PLEASE . . . SAY . . . THAT . . . AGAIN ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
I . . ERR . . YOU SEE .
THE STORY IS . . . .
THERE IS A HUMOROUS
DO NOT FEAR FRIEND IT W -
MERELY A FAILED POLITIC -
PLEASE HAVE A CANDY FRIEND -
THIS PROFF -
RESOLUTION -
Compressed Film Comics : The Wedding Singer
We're gonna party like it's 1985 !
Hello . It's nice to meet you , my name is Julia Gulia .
Now , that is some GRADE A top - choice meat
You can't talk to Billy Idol that way !
Please get out of my Van Halen T - Shirt before you jinx the band and they break up !
Do you really want to hurt Me ? Do you really want to make me Cry ?
Do you really want to hurt Me ? Do you really want to make me Cry ?
Boy , George , you look a little gay
You could have brought that to my attention YESTERDAY !
Moral : Think about what your name would be if you married someone ON THE FIRST DATE !
Enough of this life of a bachelor ! The moment has arrived . . .
I am finally ready to settle down and start a family !
All I need now is a female T - Rex with similar interests !
Oh ! And a nice body .
With a nice long tail .
( That's hot ! )
I will seduce her with a two - pronged attack of my stomping skills and wit !
Your " wit " ?
Yes , I have a fine wit !
Oh really ?
Yes indeed ! For I can do impressions !
This is you !
Guess who got a role in the new play down at the community centre ?
Me !
I play Tony , a widower who has managed , alone , to raise his young daughter right . He's a rugged mechanic with a heart of gold , just waiting for the right person to come along . . .
. . . someone to melt his icy exterior and reveal the big furry Tony teddy - bear within !
Who's Tony ?
Tony's a character I'm playing in a show .
Oh ! For a second I thought you were describing me !
Hah hah hah !
Not likely !
HILARIOUS MISUNDERSTANDINGS COMICS
Oh oh . . .
Sounds like I'm in for some hilarious misunderstandings !
Hi , Dromiceiomimus . . . sun's sure hot today , eh ?
Did you just say that my SON is hot today ?
No , no ! THE sun !
Oh ! That makes sense because I don't have a son .
Ha ha , what a hilarious misunderstanding .
Jesus !
Hi T - Rex !
Hi !
Want to come over for dinner next weekend ?
Sure !
Wait , did you mean THIS weekend , or the weekend after this ?
Looks like another hilarious misunderstanding !
I really don't like doing the dishes .
That is why I will ask the Utahraptor to do them for me !
Oh man , it's going to be so sweet when he says " yes " !
I'll be able to cook all sorts of fancy foods now that I'm freed of that soul - crushing chore of doing the damned dishes !
Hey ! I heard you were looking for me ?
Yes , I have a question to ask you !
: How would you like to do my dishes for me ?
No thanks !
But -
You're sure ?
Positive .
THAT EVENING :
Argh !
I really hate doing the dishes !
COMPRESSED FILM COMICS
TODA'YS FILM : JURASSIC PARK II
aw .
I hope you like disappointing sequels !
Uh - ok , I'm a T - Rex , but , uh , all my symbolism is stripped down in exchange for my mindless destruction .
Are we still on an island ?
Wasn't this one on a boat ?
Who knows !
Raptors are more important in this one ! Smarter , too !
Too bad nobody saw it !
Do we fight ?
I don't know .
I represent humanity's folly !
At the end , I get to attack a city !
IT'S PLAUSIBLE !
I feel that I know what's best for me , and I have no right to judge your beliefs .
All beliefs and ethics are " relative " !
UNDERSTANDING ETHICAL RELATIVISM
I stomp this house because I feel it would be a good idea to do so ! Do not judge me , Dromiceiomimus !
But I believe it is wrong ! Which of us is right ?
That is the beauty of relativism : we both are !
Ethical relativism is the best philosophy ever !
Oh really ? !
It can be argued that in every rational person ( the definition of 'rational' is a touchy subject I won't discuss here ) there are certain properties common to all . The problem ( well , one problem ) with relativism is how it nihilistically privileges the experience of the individual above all else , making every ethical decision the right ethical decision : who would not like to have his or her beliefs guaranteed to be as correct as anybody else's ? But this is done at the cost of ignoring our shared qualities , turning away from the fact that despite different languages and cultures ( and continents and skin colours ) we all believe some of the same things . With that striking fundamental truth removed , the baby - rapers and the saints stand side by side , equals in righteousness .
But your first assumption is flawed ! I doubt you can find even one universal constant ; even your revealing example of baby - rape is practiced by some ! Granted , these people are considered " monsters " , but isn't that just a case of the majority condemning a minority ? I don't mean to justify baby - rape , but only to point out that it's unlikely you can come up with even one belief that is universal !
LESSONS IN HUMILITY
A COMIC
It occurs to me . . .
I am indeed god at stomping on things !
In fact , I would venture that I am the best at such endeavours !
I disagree !
There are probably others , whom you may never meet , but who have even greater skill than you !
You - you're right ! I can never be assured of my own superiority , even in this modest arena !
For me , this has been a lesson in humility !
Today is a good day I think for public displays of affection !
Everyone else seems to think so , at least !
Hey Dromiceiomimus , care to witness a public display of affection ? I seem to see them all the time whenever I go out walking !
No thanks ! Besides , there's nobody else here . . . how would you show me one ? Were you just going to make out with yourself ?
Wouldn't be the first time !
Eww !
T - Rex , is what I hear true ? Are you going around making out with yourself ? !
No !
That was a joke ! Besides , how would I even do that ? I'd just sit there , kissing my own arm ?
Ha , I don't know . It just sounded like something you'd be up to .
Sorry to disappoint ! Anyway , I'm going to go finish my walk .
SHORTLY . . .
Eww ! Gross !
QUIT MAKING OUT , YOU TWO !
STERN RELIGIOUS COMICS
That girl with the brown hair certainly is a " dish " !
Hey buddy , do you know who that girl with the brown hair is ? I'd really like to ask her out on a date . She is a very good - looking young woman !
I think you're too late , friend ! She's been steady with Matt for months now !
Darn it ! Why does Matt have all the luck ?
I'm jealous of him because he gets to spend time with a girl that I like .
Slow down , fella !
You should be happy for him ! He has found happiness in a relationship with a woman he respects , and they don't do anything they might regret before they get married !
You're right ! I had lost my way .
Thanks , friend !
" But each one is tempted when he is carried away and enticed by his own lusts . Then when lust has conceived , it gives birth to sin ; and when sin is accomplished , it brings forth death . " James 1 : 14 - 15
STERN RELIGIOUS COMICS
That girl with the brown hair certainly is a " dish " !
Hey buddy , do you know who that girl with the brown hair is ? I'd really like to ask her out on a date . She is a very good - looking young woman !
I think you're too late , friend ! She's been steady with Matt for months now !
Darn it ! Why does Matt have all the luck ?
I'm jealous of him because he gets to spend time with a girl that I like .
Slow down , fella !
You should be happy for him ! He has found happiness in a relationship with a woman he respects , and they don't do anything they might regret before they get married !
You're right ! I had lost my way .
Thanks , friend !
" But each one is tempted when he is carried away and enticed by his own lusts . Then when lust has conceived , it gives birth to sin ; and when sin is accomplished , it brings forth death . " James 1 : 14 - 15
A JOURNEY TO THE MOON
A RARE PROPOSITION
I propose a journey to the moon !
SEVEN YEARS LATER . . .
I have constructed a rocket - ship for myself and a guest of my choosing ! The wood from this house will provide the fuel !
May I be your guest ?
I will give your offer my consideration ?
ON THE MOON . . .
Lunar women are good for stomping !
Thanks for choosing me , T - Rex !
A RETURN TO EARTH !
Let's do that again sometime !
I concede it easily !
A NEW DAY DAWNS . . .
Now , where is my wallet ?
OH SHIT !
IT IS ON THE MOON
A JOURNEY TO THE MOON
A RARE PROPOSITION
I propose a journey to the moon !
SEVEN YEARS LATER . . .
I have constructed a rocket - ship for myself and a guest of my choosing ! The wood from this house will provide the fuel !
May I be your guest ?
I will give your offer my consideration ?
ON THE MOON . . .
Lunar women are good for stomping !
Thanks for choosing me , T - Rex !
A RETURN TO EARTH !
Let's do that again sometime !
I concede it easily !
A NEW DAY DAWNS . . .
Now , where is my wallet ?
OH SHIT !
IT IS ON THE MOON
Here is a list of adjectives I would like to have chosen when describing me !
1 ) " Sated " !
Second on the list : " alluring " ! followed closely by " stompin' " !
Fourth : " Callipygian " , pronounced " kal - lip - pee - je - en " - adj : " having beautifully proportioned buttocks !
i . e . : Me
5 ) " Magnanimous " , which is -
Wait , aren't you missing one ?
Which ?
" Onanistic " ?
I know what that means ! !
I have felt reflective of late . . .
Today is a good day I think for asking profound philosophical questions !
Beginning with the most modest : why am I here ?
What is the purpose of my life ?
Is it true that the only questions worth asking are those that cannot be answered ?
Is there any greater meaning - to anything ?
Yes !
There is ? ! What is it ? !
Huh ? Oh , no - I was just saying " Yes ! " because I was remembering how I felt this morning when I found my keys !
W - what ?
Yeah , I thought the were lost !
But I found them !
They were on top of the fridge !
I don't care ! !
Another beautiful hot day ! I look forward to these " dog days " of summer .
I suppose you could say I have a " sunny " disposition ?
Or predisposition , anyways . The point is that this hot weather makes me feel great !
Well you're in a good mood today , T - Rex ! It's always a pleasure to see you !
Why thank you !
Think nothing of it , lovely !
Lovely ?
Hi , T - Rex !
Hey ! Um , listen : if I were a girl dinosaur , and if YOU weren't into dudes , and if I said " Think nothing of it , LOVELY " to you , what would you think ?
Depends . Have you ever called me " lovely " before ?
Nope .
Oh , that's easy then . You're coming on to me .
Oh my goodness !
That means the Dromiceiomimus -
Oh my goodness !
Could it be ? Could it be true that the Dromiceiomimus has a crush on me ?
One way to find out !
Oh , hey , D . ! I was just stomping around here , you know , " stomping the old houses ! "
Um
What are you up to ?
Hi , T - Rex . What's gotten into you ?
Ha ha , nothing of course !
So ! Excuse me , please !
Holy cow . . . what a disaster !
What was ? !
Um . . . look , you can't tell ANYONE , but I think the Dromiceiomimus has a crush on me .
The Dromiceiomimus ? No way ! I thought she broke it off with you , like , three years ago !
She did ! But you don't understand !
She called me " lovely " yesterday !
This situation with the Dromiceiomimus has raised some interesting romantic questions .
For instance :
What is love ?
Is it nothing more than a convenience , a mere -
- oh !
Hi there , T - Rex ! What's nothing more than a convenience ?
oh , hello there . Um , ha ha , you know what ? I don't remember ! Well , be seeing you !
Dear Lord !
This has got to stop !
Trouble in paradise ?
Yes ! I can't even vocalize my own self - obsessed musings because I'm suddenly afraid of what the Dromiceiomimus might think !
Why is that bothering you ? You've never cared what I think , you inconsistent bastard !
Don't judge me !
Enough of these high - school " does she like me ? " shenanigans !
Time to take matters into my own hands !
Hi , Dromiceiomimus . You're probably wondering why I'm stomping on this house . The reason is that I think we need to have a talk , and this was an excuse for us to spend some time together .
Um . OK . Let's go back to my place , and I'll make some tea .
THE NEXT DAY . . .
What's this I hear about tea with a certain Dromiceiomimian friend of ours ? !
What do you mean ?
Didn't you two have tea yesterday ?
Oh ! Yeah , it was nice . We had " chai " tea .
And . . . ?
And then we had dinosaur sex !
What I'll remember best about my night with the Dromiceiomimus could only be one thing . . .
The many games of " Scrabble " !
And if it isnt Ms . " Syzygy " herself !
The sooner you accept that's a word , T - Rex , the sooner you'll be able to accept your crushing loss in the field of word creation and manipulation using pseudo - random letters as atoms .
Never !
Those were indeed good games of " Scrabble " !
You played " Scrabble " without me ? !
Yeah , the Dromiceiomimus and I played , two nights ago .
Was this before or after the dinosaur sex ?
During !
I wonder if there would ever be a nation in the future that described itself in opposition to other nations !
Happy Canada Day Comics
And in this future - nation there would be trees ! And lakes ! And birds ! And beavers !
Beavers would be important , somehow .
Also this future - land everybody would live in igloos and fight bears .
Igloos ?
Yeah ! Because my future - country is in the great while north and therefore everybody lives in igloos .
That's a cultural stereotype T - Rex .
So ? It's my made - up country .
It doesn't actually exsist , you know . It is MADE - UP . CHIMERICAL .
Happy
Canada
Day
I have been quietly seeking out part - time employment , and my search has finally come to an end !
Tomorrow , I start in my new employ .
I will be a bouncer !
And if people start causing trouble , I will say , " Are you looking for trouble , Mister ? Because you have found the trouble you were looking for ! "
Then I will stomp on him like this !
Or perhaps like this !
Quit stomping on people !
I cannot , for now I work as a bouncer and stomping on unruly customers is part of my job !
Fine then , I'm going to get a job as a T - Rex hunter .
Shooting T - Rexes will be part of MY job !
Noooo !
I babysat a pterodactyl last night . It was pretty fun , I red him his favourite stories , we played some games , but then I lost him so I ate some sandwiches and went home .
All in all , a good night !
What ? You LOST the baby pterodactyl you were sitting ? You LOST a BABY ? T - Rex ! THIS IS A MUCH BIGGER DEAL THAN YOU THINK IT IS !
But - she can have more , right ? She won't mind if one goes missing , right ?
Holy cow ! She will mind , T - Rex ! You are in big trouble !
Holy cow !
oh no oh no oh no ! I lost the baby I was sitting ! I am the world's worst babysitter !
WHAT ? !
You lost the baby you were supposed to take care of ?
Oh my god !
You're screwed !
I'm screwed !
PREVIOUSLY , ON " DINOSAUR COMICS " . . .
Today is a beautiful day to be stomping on things ! As a dinosaur , stomping is the best part of my day indeed !
I think the Dromiceiomimus has a crush on me !
Want to come over for some " chai " tea ?
Sure !
You and the Dromiceiomimus had dinosaur sex ? !
Sure did !
And you played Scrabble without me ?
Yes ! Can we continue this later ? I have to go babysit a little pterodactyl .
I lost the baby I was babysitting !
I'm screwed !
AND NOW , THE CONCLUSION . . .
Well , if there has been a moral to my life over the past few days , it has been this : never lose a baby !
Never do that !
T - REX IN
" NEVER LOSE A BABY "
Never lose a baby , because if you do , the mother will be very angry until the baby is returned !
Never lose a baby , because if you do , people likely won't trust you with babies in the future !
I've got one !
Never lose a baby , because if you do , you might be forced to pay for the loss with one of your own babies !
That's true !
So what's the lesson here , T - Rex ?
Never lose a baby !
Lost babies turn up in the strangest places ! For instance . . .
Under the couch !
Are you implying that you found the baby pterodactyl you lost -
That's where he was !
Under the couch ! Of all the places for a lost baby to be . . .
You own a couch ? !
Yes , I bought it " on layaway " .
Can I come over and see it sometime ?
Sure !
I have compiled a list of people I enjoy seeing ! A list , if you will . . .
. . . of my friends !
Dromiceiomimus , you are on my list of friends !
Um - thanks ?
Think nothing of it !
Tiny woman , you are NOT on my list ! Prepare for a stomping !
What are you doing ? !
Well , Utahraptor , I'm glad you asked . I've compiled a list of my friends and I am stomping on those who are not on my list !
Wow , you must have a lot of stomping to do .
Why yes , as a matter of fact I -
HEY ! You're off the list !
LOVE COMICS
Ooh !
SEX COMICS
Oooooh !
Hey Dromiceiomimus , which is better : love or sex ?
I'm a big fan of sex .
I see !
T - Rex , I have big news !
Before you tell me , which is better : love or sex ?
Love AND sex .
That wasn't an option .
It never is , with you !
Hey !
Come back here !
THE END
THE SPECIAL MEAL an exercise in frustration
Today is a good day I think for preparing a special meal !
based on a true story
I'd better go gather the ingredients !
LATER :
I can't find ANY of the ingredients I need ! What the hell ? It's not like I'm looking for some ancient spice ! I JUST WANT SOME PAPRIKA .
Argh ! So frustrated !
What's the matter ?
Oh , I just can't find the ingredients I need for the special meal I'm preparing . It's very frustrating .
I can imagine !
LATER :
Screw it ! We're having Kraft Dinner , and she can deal !
After the success of my role of " Tony " , the hard - living mechanic , I have won another role !
This play is more abstract , for you see . . .
I play " Religion " !
I am faith , trust , and hope ! I am the profound belief in a power larger and more important than ourselves .
I am truth and beauty !
I am love and humility !
It's the role I was born to play !
Hey , I forgot to tell you my big news the other day !
What's that ?
I got a part in the new play down at the community centre !
Guess what ?
I play " Science " !
Nooooo !
Our friendship is doomed ! !
SCIENCE VS RELIGION : round one
So the Utahraptor's playing Science to my Religion , eh ?
This means war !
Science will wither in the face of my sense of community and sharing !
How can Science hope to compete with my gifts of enlightenment and hope ? I bring nothing less than inner peace !
But your " gift " of inner peace comes at the cost of closing your eyes to the world around you !
What ? !
You achieve peace only through a sort of " giving up " of your own free will , by either deciding that the world is as God intended , or , alternatively , that He will be the one to fix it , using you as his " tools " ! Isn't this mere escapism , a hiding from the burden of personal responsibility ?
Oh my God !
Science has all the answers AGAIN !
SCIENCE VS RELIGION : round one
So the Utahraptor's playing Science to my Religion , eh ?
This means war !
Science will wither in the face of my sense of community and sharing !
How can Science hope to compete with my gifts of enlightenment and hope ? I bring nothing less than inner peace !
But your " gift " of inner peace comes at the cost of closing your eyes to the world around you !
What ? !
You achieve peace only through a sort of " giving up " of your own free will , by either deciding that the world is as God intended , or , alternatively , that He will be the one to fix it , using you as his " tools " ! Isn't this mere escapism , a hiding from the burden of personal responsibility ?
Oh my God !
Science has all the answers AGAIN !
SCIENCE VS RELIGION round two
Stupid Science , thinking it has all the answers to all the questions !
Wait ! That's it !
I can win this by asking the big questions , the important unanswerable questions that science doesn't have an answer to !
" Why are we here ? " " What is our purpose ? " - that sort of thing !
Well , if it isn't Religion ! Out crushing the life of some poor woman under its trusty patriarchal foot , I see !
Shut up !
You know , you can't answer any important questions ! You can say something to " How ? " , but nothing to " Why ? " !
Oh , an you can ?
Yes ! That's exactly why we have religion !
So why are we here ?
That's easy !
HEY KIDS ! PLAY ALONG WITH T - REX !
Writing in your own response , based off the teachings of whatever religion you fancy ! Have fun , but remember : the T - Rex doesn't like to swear !
SCIENCE VS RELIGION , round three
Stupid Science .
He thinks he's such hot stuff !
Just because there are different religions with different opinions on things , he dismisses them all ?
Couldn't they all be describing the same shared desire for an understanding of what's bigger than ourselves ?
You know what Science's problem is ?
Oh yeah ? You know what Religion's problem is ?
You think you have the monopoly on truth !
We sure have some good times , eh ?
COMPRESSED COMICS COMICS
today's comic : UNDERSTANDING COMICS by scott mccloud
Comics are words or images juxtaposed in deliberate sequence !
THE END
COMICS WHERE THE PUNCHLINE IS " NO THANKS , CHUCKLES "
Wan to help me move in to my new apartment ?
Let's see ! Hours of unpaid labour , heavy lifting , getting to see all your laundry . . .
No thanks , Chuckles !
Today is a good day I think to become a famous author !
To that end , I will write a novel !
It will be about a young man who wakes up one morning to find himself transformed into a giant insect - like creature !
I will call my book , " The Metamorphazoid " .
The story ends when the young man , whom I shall call " Gregory " , dies , scorned by his family and loved ones !
T - Rex !
I'm concerned that the plot to your novel seems a little familiar .
Do you mean to imply that I've plagiarized it , good sir ?
I do !
Why , what cheek !
Today is a good day I think for sharing secrets !
SECRET SHARING COMICS
Hey Dromiceiomimus , want to know a secret ?
Sure !
Alright , but you have to promise not to tell anyone !
Ok !
Ok , my secret is that I stole the Utahraptor's couch last night ! Don't tell him , alright ?
T - Rex , have you seen my couch ? It's gone missing !
Oh ?
Yes , and there were T - Rex prints all over my shag carpet .
Well , ah , heh -
You see , the thing is . . .
um
Can I let you in on a secret ?
I wonder if there is an essential " feminine " , one that transcends histories and cultures ?
Similarly , could I myself be the essential " masculine " ?
Why , I believe I could ! What am I besides the real , true essence of " male - ness " , the invariable and fixed properties which define masculine for now and forever ?
I sure am great !
Truly , I am the epitome of the male form !
I disagree !
I think it's pretty clear , T - Rex , that I am the epitome of the male form .
And you'd better call a plumber , because pipes are going to burst !
" Pipes " means " muscles " , right ?
That's slang , right ?
Slang of today's youth culture ?
T - REX IN " THE RULES "
Today I'm going to play by my own rules !
And luckily for me , these rules clearly stipulate that I can stomp on whatever I want !
Playing by my own rules is fun !
Why , I think I'll play by my own rules from now on !
Stop it !
T - Rex , you can't " play by your own rules " every day ! That's nothing more than a catchy way to describe nihilism !
Nihilism ?
Yes ! Remember ? " . . . values are baseless and nothing can be known or communicated " ?
Oh yeah !
And I was all , " my apocalyptic tenor has not been dispelled " ?
I'm really looking forward to the little soiree I've got lined up for tonight . . .
Party at my house ! !
LATER . . .
Hey , are you still in for tonight ?
I'm sorry T - Rex , but something came up . But say " hi " to everyone for me !
Oh , that's too bad . Well , some other time !
I'm totally pumped for the party tonight , T - Rex !
Great !
The only downside is that the Dromiceiomimus won't be able to come .
But she was the only woman you invited , wasn't shee ?
SHIT ! She was !
Why do all my parties always turn into one big Oktoberfest ?
" Oktoberfest " ?
Beer and sausages !
I am tired of things not getting done my way .
Therefore , I am going into politics !
As a politician , I will have power and influence ! Things will get done , and they will get done my way ! Finally , I will be the person making all the important decisions !
T - Rex , we live in a democracy of dinosaurs ! You'll have to get elected if you wish to have power !
I see !
Will you vote for me ?
Well , um , what's your platform ? What issues are you concerned about ?
My mom works at the library , and there have been cutbacks lately , so that's a concern for us .
Your mom's a librarian ? !
That's AWESOME !
T - REX IN " THE SEARCH FOR GOD "
Today is a good day I think to find God !
Are you in this house , God ? I am looking for you ! Come out come out whereever you are ! Ready or not , here I come !
When people say they are looking for God , they do not mean it literally !
How do you mean ?
What that means is that they are on a spiritual search , trying to find God - the - idea , not God - the - person - hiding - behind - the - couch .
Oh , I see what you're saying . I guess that makes sense .
BACK AT HOME . . .
I can't believe you were hiding behind the couch the entire time !
I WAS GOING TO SURPRISE YOU
COMICS FROM THE FUTURE
Who can forget the events of July 30 , 2215 ?
Their significance cannot be overstated .
THE END
COMICS FROM THE FUTURE
a reprise
Who can forget the events of July 30 , 2215 ?
Their significance cannot be overstated .
THE END
Believe in yourself , and you can do anything !
PLATITUDE COMICS
I also enjoy :
" Wow , that's very good for a first try ! "
and
" Just do what you think is best ! "
I also like " I do love you . . . as a friend ! "
That's not a platitude !
What ?
It's not a platitude !
OK then !
A MYSTERY COMIC
. . . ninety - eight , ninety nine , one hundred !
Ready or not , here I come !
Where are you , Utahraptor ? Are you hiding under this house ? Come out , come out , wherever you are !
No ?
Where could you have gone ?
Are you hiding beneath this woman ? No ?
I found you , T - Rex !
No , I'm looking for you !
But I though -
Man , how do you screw up " Hide and Go Seek " ?
It's a mystery !
Why am I here ?
Good question !
Am I here to fulfill some higher purpose ? How can that be , if I remain completely unaware of it ?
It appears that there is some aspect of myself that craves a meaning - any meaning - to my actions .
If you feel so aimless , why not create you own meaning and invest your actions with it ?
Good idea !
So what meaning do you see my action representing ?
The futility of life ?
Aw man !
Now I feel worse than ever !
COMICS WITH A SUDDEN CHANGE IN GENRE
Today is a good day I think for lavishing praise on people !
Is this perhaps the ultimate secret to popularity ?
SHORTLY :
Hello little Dromiceiomimus ! You are certainly a nice colour this morning !
Oh ! Well , thank you !
Think nothing of it , my good lady !
You will stomp nicely , young woman ! Good show !
Hey , I heard you were giving out compliments ?
I am ! And you , Utahraptor , are quite affable at times !
" Quite affable at times " ? That's it ?
That's my compliment ?
That's pretty weak !
SUDDENLY !
There's no time for that now !
We've got a President to save !
I'm worried that I'm putting on weight .
I'm worried that I'll grow to be a fat dinosaur !
It's not that I'm suddenly eating more , I think , it's that my metabolism is slowing down - so the food I eat is going straight to my trendy hips !
That's why I'm vowing to get out and get exercise every day from now on !
What , by stomping on people ?
It's good exercise !
Yeah , but maybe if you went to less all - you - can - eat restaurants you wouldn't need to exercise so much !
But then they'd be less of a deal !
I'd be wasting my money !
I fear that I've lost something . . . something important !
Something I'll never get back again !
Something that was very special ! Something that I guess part of me thought I'd always have with me ! Something that I'd tried to hold on to , but lost nonetheless !
Something -
Knock it off ! It's obvious to everyone you're talking about you VIRGINITY .
What ? I was talking about a baby tooth .
Alright , I was talking about my virginity !
What is the point of going to sleep ? I'm just going to wake up again !
Wait ! I'm a genius !
With my nights freed up from the chore of sleep , I will become unstoppable ! I'll have an extra eight hours to plan and scheme !
I will stop sleeping right away ! Tonight !
Who knows what the future holds for me ?
TWENTY YEARS LATER . . .
Want to come over for a slumber party ?
Oh , sorry , I forgot how you never sleep .
What the hell , man ?
It's been like twenty years !
Where do babies come from ?
An excellent course of inquiry !
Solving this mystery will put to rest many of the niggling mysteries of my creation ! I will finally have an " origin story " !
You want to know where babies come from ?
I do !
Are you sure ? It's pretty . . . biological .
Please ! Fill me in !
SHORTLY . . .
MOM did that ?
I was thinking about my grade - school days last night , and I realized I couldn't remember most of the people who were in my classes !
I've forgotten pretty much everyone who didn't go on to the same school as I did !
This has raised some pretty profound questions for me . First off , it seems evident that I have finite space in my brain , and things are getting erased .
The problem is , I don't have any control - conscious at least - over what gets deleted and what stays .
And you're concerned because you don't know who you are if you can't even trust your memories , right ?
Right . I'd say a good part of who a person is comes from their experiences - but if they are forgotten , where does that leave the person ?
I suppose this comes down to whether or not you believe there is some essential part of you , something more than the sum of your experiences .
There's only one way to find out ! It seems that , once again , I will have to contract . . .
AMNESIA !
TO BE CONTINUED . . .
If I want to know for sure who I am , I have to find out if I'm the same person when I don't have all my memories . I need to contract amnesia !
Time for a severe non - penetrative blow to the head !
But I'll have to be careful about this . I want TEMPORARY amnesia ; I don't want to end up not remembering anything ever again !
Hmmm .
Maybe soliciting a concussive blow to the head isn't the best idea I've ever had .
I COULD get temporary amnesia from a sudden , disturbing realization , but -
T - rex ! God must either be dead or uncaring !
Sorry , was that to eager ?
Running up behind you like that ?
Too eager ?
T - rex ?
W - who am I ?
AMNESIA :
I can't remember a thing about myself !
Therefore , I will use deduction to determine my role and place in society .
Judging by this well - conditioned body - including thighs - and coupled with what I feel intuitively to be an impressive intellect , I can be one thing and one thing alone !
An astronaut .
You're not an astronaut .
I'm not ?
No !
You are a Tyrannosaurus Rex .
Seriously ?
Yep .
Seriously .
Kick ass !
That's good too !
I think I'll go for a walk today !
Uncanny ! It's as if I'm seeing the world for the first time !
This amnesia has given me the wide - eyed innocence of a new - born child !
I'm filled with wonder and awe at the most casual display of nature's beauty !
Look at that house ! Incredible !
Everything is precious ! The glory of the world astounds me !
Then why are you stomping things ?
I don't know . . . it just feels right .
But can someone who's destroying beauty truly appreciate it ?
Arguably , yes !
Shoot ! I forgot to have a shower this morning !
That's funny , because I smell fine !
That's funny , because you never seem showered whenever I see you .
That's funny , because I don't seem to remember soliciting comments !
That's funny , because you always voice every single thought in your head !
That's funny , because at least I have thoughts !
Well that's funny , because no you don't !
MEANWHILE , IN A PARALLEL UNIVERSE . . .
Sure ! I'd love to come to your dinner party !
Why yes , I am freshly showered !
I have discovered several advantages to having amnesia !
For instance : being able to forget things and having nobody blame you !
SHORTLY :
T - rex , did you remember my birthday today ?
Sorry , I forgot !
Oh well ! You have amnesia , so I guess that's OK .
T - rex , did you remember to do your taxes this year ?
Nope ! Amnesia !
That's funny , because taxes were due months ago , long before you contracted amnesia .
That's OK ; I never do them anyway !
A MAN WALKS INTO A BAR explained
many jokes begin with this line . It is called the " set - up " , and is analogous to establishing - shots in films or first paragraphs in essays .
It alerts the audience that what follows is likely to be a short story with a humorous climax !
What is the attraction to this structure of humor ? Why are there so many jokes about men walking into bars ?
Part of the attraction to this structure may be its possibilities : most anything can happen in a bar , especially if this bar is contained within the wild and wooly world of the verbal jest .
What about the joke , " A man walks into a bar . . . ouch ! " ?
Good question !
The joke assumes some sophistication on the part of the audience , an expectation gleamed from previous jokes that the bar is a drinking establishment .
Go on !
The " ouch " is startling . How could entering a bar hurt ? It forces us to now re - evaluate our most basic assumptions .
We must ask ourselves , " What if the bar were a bar proper , and by walking into it the man actually , physically walked into it ? "
It is this confusion on the part of the listener that is responsible for the humor !
I feel odd . . as if my amnesia is wearing off !
Uncanny ! All my memories are flooding back in a torrent of life and history !
I remember this tiny house and car ! I liked to stomp on them regularly ! Like so !
And I remember you , Dromiceiomimus !
Do I ever !
And I remember this tiny woman ! I remember I liked to stomp on her !
You do it every day !
{ { bolded } } Personally , I wish you'd stop .
Holy ! How'd you do that thing with your voice just now ? !
Seriously , it makes me feel like doing whatever you say !
Today is a good day I think for going for - oh shoot !
I forgot about my dentist's appointment !
Damn damn damn . I can't call now and reschedule because I'll have to admit that I forgot entirely .
Then I'll probably have to explain that I had amnesia and the dentist will think I'm crazy .
You seem to have a lot of respect for dentists !
I do indeed !
But DID YOU KNOW that dentists only clean your teeth and hang out with you because you pay them to ?
He's not really your friend , T - Rex !
But . . . Dr . Cohen !
He always seemed so enthusiastic !
T - REX IN : DIFFERENT WAYS TO SAY " NO "
I have compiled a list of different ways to say " no " !
One way is to shake , or nod , your head , depending on which culture you're in .
Another good way is to suck in air through your teeth . This indicates a severe problem with whatever is being proposed !
Violence can also be an effective way of saying " no " !
For instance , I find stomping to be unambiguous .
Listing ways of saying " no " ?
You " know " it !
Ho ho !
Was this entire conversation an excuse for that crappy pun ?
How did he " know " ?
I have taken the aesthetics and beliefs of the romanticism movement and adopted them for my own !
I now emphasize my own subjective experience as visionary and transcendental !
I no longer value piety or virtue , or constancy ( or consistency ) , or even the search for scientific truth ! I only value my own capacity for experience !
As a consequence , my own actions can no longer be judged by any public idea of right or wrong ! As experience is amoral , even my own conscience cannot judge my actions , and I am free from reproach and judgment !
But T - Rex , this is nothing more than deifying the ego , defiant of conventional morality !
You've chosen for yourself a philosophy that justifies everything you do as good , simply because you did it ! Now tell me , how is that a useful moral and ethical system ?
Well , um ,
" Well , um " exactly !
I thought maybe we'd have a good time discussing it ?
There's a boxing kangaroo at the circus .
There's a boxing kangaroo at the circus ?
There's a boxing kangaroo at the circus !
It's so great Dromiceiomimus ! It's a real boxing kangaroo with big red boxing gloves , like the zeitgeist , AND in cartoons ! And he boxes a person so hard that they get their hat knocked off and when they go to pick up the hat , he boxes them in the butt ! ! WE HAVE TO GO .
Okay !
Did I just hear you say
" boxing kangaroo " ? !
You sure did ! Dromiceiomimus and I are going ! You should come because the kangaroo is going to solve all his problems with his fists , and when he's done , his problems are gonna be solved RIGHT IN THE FACE .
Heck , I'm not busy . Let's go right now !
Hah hah ! What's the matter monocle guy ? You don't like being boxed by a kangaroo ? ?
I'm not allowed to punch back because that would be animal cruelty !
Hah ! Monocle guy ! The kangaroo just punched off your monocle ! !
There's a boxing kangaroo at the circus .
There's a boxing kangaroo at the circus ?
There's a boxing kangaroo at the circus !
It's so great Dromiceiomimus ! It's a real boxing kangaroo with big red boxing gloves , like the zeitgeist , AND in cartoons ! And he boxes a person so hard that they get their hat knocked off and when they go to pick up the hat , he boxes them in the butt ! ! WE HAVE TO GO .
Okay !
Did I just hear you say
" boxing kangaroo " ? !
You sure did ! Dromiceiomimus and I are going ! You should come because the kangaroo is going to solve all his problems with his fists , and when he's done , his problems are gonna be solved RIGHT IN THE FACE .
Heck , I'm not busy . Let's go right now !
Hah hah ! What's the matter monocle guy ? You don't like being boxed by a kangaroo ? ?
I'm not allowed to punch back because that would be animal cruelty !
Hah ! Monocle guy ! The kangaroo just punched off your monocle ! !
Dear , when you smile at me ,
I heard a melody !
It haunted me from the start !
Something inside of me . . .
. . . started a symphony !
" Zing ! " went the strings of my heart !
That was awesome !
THE MOVING COMIC
I have a friend . . .
Let's call him " Ryan ! "
Anyway , Ryan moved to a new city this weekend . He loaded up all his books into his car , but when he arrived they were soaked !
Ruined .
PULP .
I understand he was pretty upset about this .
Oh well !
Well , that's not very supportive !
Hey , I know this guy ! The books were probably all comics anyway , and they don't matter , right ?
Hey , that's right !
ADVENTURE COMICS !
Oh boy !
Today is a good day I think . . . for adventure !
THE END
What ? I never got to go on my adventure ?
This makes me so angry !
Me too !
Why are you angry ?
I was hoping your adventure would take you out of town for a few days !
I don't have a TV !
Forget it then !
Well my screenplay for " ( A ) bort , ( R ) etry , ( M ) urder ? " didn't work out . Nobody wanted to produce it ! So , I have started a new screenplay , based on the structured Query Language for databases !
It's called . . .
" UPDATE bodies SET status = ' DEAD ' " !
It's about a database administrator for a large company who uncovers a secret database by accident !
A database . . . of MURDERS !
Your screenplay once again , appeals only to a micro - niche market !
How do you mean ?
Well , the only people who will enjoy it are those in the intersection of the set of people who know databases with the set of people who like crappy movies !
Pretty nerdy , my friend !
Excitement Comics
Today is a good day I think to find some excitement !
Hmm . . . stomping this house is kind of exciting , but it's a more familiar feeling - like getting served a favourite meal . It's good , but I know how it's going to end . I think I can do something more exciting .
Well ! Stomping on this woman is exciting but again - too familiar .
What are you doing ?
I'm looking for excitement ! But so far it's been pretty much a " bust " .
Hmm . . . You could go skydiving !
Yeah man !
And I could land on my enemies houses !
" Surprise ! "
I want to be Dick Tracy for Halloween
But my mom says I should be a witch
Oooh , she burns me up ! ! ! Only pussies dress up as witches
I want to be a witch
I heard you were going as a witch this year
Who told you that ? !
Your mom .
Pussy !
Harry Potter's not a pussy !
Dinosaur Comics Presents : Fun - Pun Corner ! Today : Fun - Puns with t - Rex's Fave Activity ! By Steve Carey
Hey T - Rex , why won't you lend me $ 20 ?
Because I have to put my foot down !
Hey T - Rex , why are you putting in all these long hours ?
I'm just trying to get a leg up !
Hey T - Rex , why are you dressed up so fancy ?
I'm stepping out !
Hey T - Rex , what's your favourite percussion - based theatrical experience ?
The Blue Man Group !
What ? ! I really do like it ! It makes me so happy !
Today is a good day , I think , for a guest comic .
I'm in a comic ! ?
It appears that by informing me of my current existence within a medium of entertainment , the guest comic author has already broken the so - called " fourth wall " .
Why should that matter ? Your existence now is in no way different than it was before .
but as a character in a comic , I am required to be a source of entertainment . This is a demand that I have up to now been unaware of . Thus I must provide the reader with some semblance of comedic banter . . . perhaps a pun using the phrase " breaking the fourth wall " and my current action of crushing many walls .
I believe that particular point would have been better off remaining a subtle irony .
Since I do not have a joke readily available , I will just have to resort to entertainment through violence .
But you don't NEED to come up with a joke or rely on entertaining violence !
How so ?
As a character in a comic , you have no true free will of your own . Nor do you think at all ! It is the author that will com up with the joke .
But what if he forgets to come up with a funny punchline ? If I have no free will , does that mean that I will be forced to just take up space in the last caption and say nothing at all ?
If the author is a lazy bum , yes .
I don't see a punchline !
Just say " who the hell goes to Cornwall "
Seriously , who does that ?
I know ! Seriously !
Did you know you can find instructions for making a bomb on the interweb ?
I didn't have any plutonium though ,
so I filled it with pictures from when we were kids !
There's a house to stomp . . .
STOMP ! STOMP ! STOMP !
Wait , I've been here before . . . it's the Tyrone residence ! Mr . Tyrone is arguing with his sons again . . .
Another shot in the arm !
Cut out that kind of talk !
Hold your foul tongue and your rotten Broadway loafer's lingo !
They're always arguing !
And there's Mrs . Tyrone , wandering aimlessly . I could stomp her too . . .
No , DON'T !
Why shouldn't I stomp them all ?
Because the Tyrones will be more miserable if you let them live .
Oh .
I've been thinking . . . If my decisions are based on my desires , and my desires are just the product of phsysiological and environmental factors beyond my control ,
then I have no control over the decisions I make !
See , if I am just the psychological product of my environment , then each action I take I could not have taken in any other way . I HAD NO CHOICE !
like squashing this cat .
Free will doesn't exist !
Isn't that just a bit too convenient ?
What ?
Well your theory fails to account for the fact that we obviously CAN make decisions , and that we do so constantly . Can you really tell me that you think the brain is nothing more than a complicated computer with delusions of grandeur ?
YES !
And you're DRUNK !
Maslow says I can only maximize my full potential and achieve the highest state of being in one way : realization of self .
SELF ACTUALIZATION COMICS : part 1 of 1
What are you doing ?
I'm continuing to stomp things until someone yells , " look out ! A MONSTER ! "
To which I will reply , " Look at yourselves ! Who is the REAL monster , my friends ? "
You are !
" Look at yo - -
You're an enormous dinosaur with fangs and claws !
Hell , I'm a monster and you're bigger than ME !
OH , WOW . . . .
I have noticed that eating different foods has different physiological effects on myself . There must be some 'balanced diet' that maximizes the agreeable effects of such nourishment !
With this in mind , I have created . . . the Nutrinomicon !
The Nutrinomicon divides foods into four different 'groups . ' These 'groups' have prescribed allowances per day .
By following the nutritional regime of the Nutrinomicon , you can be assured of a fine diet !
Your " Nutrinomicon " is nothing more than a Food Guide , repackaged !
What ?
All the major governments have published Food Guides , which do exactly what your Nutrinomicon purports to do : divide food into groups , and describe how much of each group is allowable for a balanced diet .
I have to admit , your name is cooler , though .
But - I stayed up all night working on the celebrated and unmentionable Nutrinomicon .
I even skipped dinner , which is ironic , because I was working on a guide to nutrition !
FILMIC TECHNIQUES COMICS
Oh boy !
I believe I'll offer some advice on employing everyday filmic techniques !
To begin : when filming , you always want to say on one side of the action . This is because if you suddenly start filming from the OPPOSITE side of the action , it will appear to be reversed !
Observe :
Notice how I appear to be stomping in the opposite direction !
Amazing !
Have you covered the " flashback " yet ?
No , please be my guest !
The flashback can be used to provide more detail about a character's motivation ! For instance :
TWENTY YEARS AGO . . .
I told you , son : no stomping !
You're not the boss of me !
When you spend your time talking to a T - Rex . . .
Everyone's a winner !
SOON :
Hello , Dromiceiomimus . Would you care to have a little chat , perhaps ?
Gosh , I'm sorry - I was just on my way to the grocery store . Some other time , OK ?
Oh , OK .
Well , that neither proves nor disproves my theory !
Which theory ?
Today I've been operating under the assumption that when you talk to a T - Rex ( such as myself , you understand ) - everyone's a winner !
" A winner " ? How do you mean ?
Like , everybody is better for the experience ? Geez , man ! It's not that complicated a sentiment !
What's the deal with people who quote other people all the time ?
PEOPLE WHO QUOTE OTHER PEOPLE ALL THE TIME COMICS
Anyway , I'd better get on with my day !
THE END
'T - REX , YOUR HOUSE IS ON FIRE ! '
T - Rex , your house is on fire !
I know ! I'm trying to collect on the insurance money !
T - Rex , you don't have any fire insurance !
Oh no !
LATER . . .
What the hell was he talking about ? I've got the insurance papers right here !
I wonder what life would be like if I were a woman !
I wonder !
Hello Dromiceiomimus ! Do you want to go shopping for women's underwear ? We are after all both women !
That is true ! I see no reason why we both couldn't go out and buy some women's underwear !
Nor do I !
LATER . . .
Are you doing anything tonight ?
Why no - besides going out with a strapping young man such as yourself !
Excellent ! Shall we say , nine - ish ?
It's a date !
I'm glad I keep these little fantasies to myself !
SARCASM COMICS
What if people can't tell when I'm being sarcastic ?
This is a serious question ! What if in the past , when I assume somebody has picked up on what I took to be obvious sarcasm , they took me at face value ? Oh my God ! The misunderstandings would be legion ! This is a huge concern !
I may have unintentionally lied or alienated every one of my friends !
Again ?
Utahraptor ! Can you tell when I'm being sarcastic ?
Well , I think so , but say something sarcastic now and I'll tell you what it sounds like .
Ok - just give me a second to think of something !
* ahem *
Oh no ! I'm so worried ! What if people can't tell when I'm being sarcastic ?
I just found out that a hurricane is expected to hit this area !
More specifically , the area including my house !
A category one ! We hardly ever get actual hurricanes here !
I am the EXCITED one .
In fact - more like category fun ! This is going to be awesome !
Aren't you afraid ?
Why ? I'll be able to don a raincoat and hat , go outside in the storm and pretend to give pseudo - meteorological reports !
" Back to you , Utahraptor ! "
That - that actually sounds like a lot of fun .
LATER . . .
My house !
T - REX IN : COMPUTATIONAL LINGUISTICS
Computational linguistics is the study of computer - based language processing !
A major area of computational linguistics is that of " ambiguity resolution " . It turns out that many things people say in a language - English , for example - can have more than one meaning !
Consider the phrase " fruit flies like a banana " . Is it describing the taste of fruit flies , or rather flying fruit ? How can a computer hope to figure this out ?
Many have focused on statistical modelling of language , but this approach is approximate .
I agree !
What do YOU know about computational linguistics ?
Ever read a little paper called " Non - Statistical Models for Unsupervised Prepositional Phrase Attachment " ?
That was me !
It was some of my earliest work on head word tuples !
Shit man , you know more about this than I do !
You know what ? You should be the one doing the talking here !
I received an invitation via the post last night ! A very exclusive invitation . . .
. . . to a wedding !
Who's getting married ?
A friend of mine ! She's getting married to a woman she met four years ago !
Wow !
Ooh ! Ooh ! Can I be your guest for the wedding ?
Sure !
Awesome ! I've never been to a wedding before , much less a lesbian wedding ! This is exciting !
I know ! We'll get to see them KISS !
That's not what I meant !
Whatever , man ! I bet I won't be the only one taking a picture !
AT THE WEDDING
Being at my first wedding is exciting , but also makes me nervous !
Dromiceiomimus ! What are YOU doing here ?
It turns out MY sister knows your friend's bride ! Small world !
Yeah , small world !
T - Rex ! The wedding is about to start !
Oh man ! How do I look ?
Great ! Great ! How do I look ?
Supoib !
Then let's go ! I'll meet you in the third row !
Wait up !
AT THE RECEPTION :
Well , the wedding went off without a hitch !
Ha ha , not counting the slang meaning of 'hitch' of course !
What did you think of the wedding , Dromiceiomimus ?
I promised myself I wouldn't cry , but I cried ! It was a beautiful wedding . Are you going to see the brides ?
I'm on my way there now !
I will congratulate them on finding happiness !
What are you talking about ?
The brides are gone , T - Rex ! Remember when they ran down the church stairs while we showered confetti on them ? They've left for their honeymoon !
Oh yeah ! But there's still cake for us , right ?
Right !
I love lesbian weddings !
This marriage has gotten me thinking about monogamy .
I did some research !
I found a book called " The Ethical Slut " !
Basically it gives advice for having loving polygamous relationships . A lot of it makes sense ! Like say your girlfriend has a best friend , and they go out one night . You're happy for her , right ? You love her , you want her to be happy . So why should that change when you add sex to it ? The book also posits that an artificial 'economy of scarcity' in sex leads to jealousy and possessiveness .
You're saying that because sex is 'rare' , it has increased value , and is therefore treasured unreasonably ?
Yeah !
That's what the book says , anyway . It's not anti - monogamy , but it is pro - polygamy .
But don't you find that these things don't work in real life ? I know I want my partner to be happy , but I also want all of his or her kisses .
Artificial economy of scarcity , my friend ! Like diamonds !
Why are you so interested in this , anyway ?
Who knows !
COMICS WITH EMBEDDED FASHION ADVICE
PART ONE
Man , did you see what that Triceratops was wearing at the film last night ?
Yeah , he has really bad fashion sense !
You said it !
Did you see him last weekend ?
No , what was he wearing ?
Well , let's just say that a lime green t - shirt coupled with electric blue shorts is not exactly the most stylish of outfits .
W -
What's wrong with that ?
That's the coolest !
Paleontology Phunnies Dept . Once in a long while we come across a comic strip that is so mind - bogglingly bad , we can't help but wonder why it isn't already extinct ! It's time for a MAD look at . . . DINOSNORE COMICS
It's a good thing I've come up with some things to talk about today ! Otherwise , I could lose my job !
Hello Dromiceiolongname ! People call me the T - Blech !
Because you're the king of dinosaurs ?
No ! Because I have such bad breath ! How could I ever brush my teeth with these tiny arms ?
Yo yo , T - Blech ! Can you help me and my home dinoz stomp out all the humans ? If they don't die out soon , we'll lose the survival competition to these upstart primates , dawg !
I'm already on it , Utahrapper ! I've been stomping on humans and their houses for months now ! Haven't you noticed their population getting smaller ?
Yo , I thought I was just getting bigger !
That is an interesting philosophical point ! Is everything relative ?
Forget it , T - Blech ! We've philosophized instead of taking action , and now the humans have won ! We'll all be extinct by tomorrow !
Oh well ! For some reason I feel as if the world would be better off without us ! I only have one fear , Utahrapper : that the humans might one day invent reality television !
THINGS I'VE READ ON THE INTERNET COMICS
also featuring : mild anti - vegetarian sentiment
I once read how to make bombs !
I once learned how to hypnotize anyone !
I once read how to make a really good salad !
That's it ? The whole Internet and you look up salads ?
You don't understand ! It's a really good salad !
Is it meat salad ?
Because if not then I doubt it would be a very good salad !
Today is Thanksgiving Day !
THANKSGIVING DAY COMICS
I'm excited ! I always look forward to all the food you get to eat during Thanksgiving !
My favourite is mashed potatoes ! I've left extra room in my stomach for mashed potatoes !
But , T - Rex , Thanksgiving was -
Sorry to interrupt , but I must be on my way ! I'm having dinner with the Utahraptor !
T - Rex , where the hell were you ?
Huh ? What do you mean ?
I cooked all day and you didn't even show up !
But - that dinner's tonight !
No ! You always have the big meal the night BEFORE Thanksgiving Day !
You missed out !
Aww boo !
This time , I've disappointed even myself !
T - REX IN : " THE WHITE LIE THAT SPIRALED OUT OF CONTROL "
I stayed at home last night and watched a movie !
But as not to appear nerdy , I told everyone that I went out " clubbing " !
PRESENTLY :
How was the club , T - Rex ?
It was great ! I had a great time dancing with , uh , three different women !
Three women ?
Yeah , at once ! It was awesome ! I have pictures !
Wow ! Can I see your pictures ?
Sure ! I'll make enlargements for everyone !
Great !
And David Suzuki was there too ! I boogied with him !
Awesome !
Wow T - Rex , I can't wait to see those incredible pictures !
And so you shall !
NEXT : HIJINKS
A METHOD BY WHICH SOCIAL CONSTRAINTS SERVE TO LIMIT PERSONAL FREEDOM
a comic
Today I am hungry ! Perhaps I could satisfy this hunger by eating . . .
. . . everyone ?
Dromiceiomimus , you look delicious today ! I would love to have you for dinner tonight !
W - what , you want to eat me ?
I am going to eat everyone !
You can't threaten to eat your friends !
Says you !
Well , you CAN , but then they won't be your friends anymore .
Because i will have eaten them !
No ! Because they will eat YOU and cut you up with their pointy toenails !
Perhaps I will not eat my friends after all !
Perhaps !
Perhaps !
I've come up with some patently absurd ideas that I will pontificate upon , only to annoy the Utahraptor !
I just bet I do this because I'm bored !
I'm probably jealous of him too !
Probably !
Not that I'd ever tell him that , of course . I'm too self - absorbed !
Life is great !
Now I think I'll go stomp on a woman just because she's there !
T - Rex ! Don't stomp on her ! God damn it , I'm so sick of telling you not to stomp on things !
You mean stomping on things . .
. . . like this ?
Hmm . . . maybe I'll just stay home today !
ELSEWHERE . . .
Where the hell is he ? !
Today is a good day I think for increasing the integral count of my age !
BIRTHDAY FUNNIES
FUNNY 1 :
I didn't know today was your birthday ! Happy birthday !
Thank you !
Were any famous men or women born on your birthday ?
Nope , only little babies !
FUNNY 2 :
What do you get a fully grown Tyrannosaurus Rex for his birthday ?
I don't know , but you'd better hope he likes it !
Hah hah hah !
Best birthday ever !
Ahh , another relaxing day for me , T - Rex , the king of the dinosaurs and the dinosaur of kings .
T - REX IN : " THE DANGERS OF HUBRIS "
a cautionary tale
And yet , my mighty heart is troubled .
What is left for me to do ? I am king of all that I survey ! I am the dominant creature on the planet !
Truly , I am the greatest thing ever !
What are you talking about ?
I was just saying how great I am .
T - Rex , you left the burner on at your house last night and it burnt down .
Well , that's another house gone . I seem to be going through houses like other people go through -
um
- some manner of disposable goods !
Do you think this might be the result of all the bad house - related karma you've earned by stomping on other people's houses every day ?
I don't believe in karma !
So : " Probably not ! "
You have to admit you've got through a lot of houses lately !
So ?
That doesn't imply that there's some cosmic judge keeping score of my actions . You're making a logical fallacy , namely " after which , therefore becasue of " .
That's not a logical fallacy .
Yes it is .
Really ?
Yep !
I tell you man , I was all over the logic books in high school !
I'm opening up my own detective agency !
I'm going to solve MYSTERIES !
Hello , Dromiceiomimus . Do you have any mysteries you'd like solved ?
Well , not right now , but tell you what , T - Rex : if any come up , you'll be the first person I'll call !
Excellent !
I've got a mystery I'd like solved !
Oh boy !
The mystery is how a gigantic green building - sized Tyrannosaurus Rex expects to succeed as a undercover detective !
That's one mystery I'd like to get to the bottom of !
You should know , I don't take sarcastic cases !
Only real mysteries , please !
I heard it was somebody's birthday today . . .
My grandfather's !
Wow , that's exciting ! I wonder who'll be at the party tonight ?
Will there be cake ?
I'll show off my balloon - animal - making skills !
T - Rex , you missed his birthday ! It was days ago !
What ?
Yeah , that's the thing with birthdays : they only come once a year , and if you miss the day , you miss out !
Shoot ! I'll just have my own party for him then !
THAT EVENING . . .
Wow . . . Grandfather sure knows how to throw a party !
Who wants some cake ?
Hallowe'en is coming up !
Which means , of course , that I had better get started working on my costume !
2 years ago I went as a ninja ! That was awesome , because I got to hit people with my ninja stick !
Last year I was a bear !
That was not so awesome .
Working on costume ideas , I see !
Well , good luck ! This year my costume is going to kick your costume's butt !
Oh yeah ? What are you dressing up as ?
I haven't decided yet ! I might go for a CONCEPT .
I might go as " PLATONIC LOVE " .
Good luck representing that in a way that guys don't find inherently confusing !
I need to have the best costume ever this Hallowe'en !
But I don't want to do something that's been done before !
How about a spooky mummy ?
Lame .
A puppy ?
Lame !
I know ! I'll go as a robot !
A robot ? !
What's cooler than a robotic T - Rex ?
THE . EVALUATION . OF . THAT . STATEMENT . RESULTS . IN . A . NULL . OUTPUT . SET
ERROR DETECTED IN COMPUTATION
INPUT DISREGARDED : INFERIOR ROBOTIC MODEL
NEW . PROGRAM . ENGAGED : 10 IGNORE WHAT UTAHRAPTOR SAYS 20 UTAHRAPTOR IS LAME 30 GOTO 10
SYNTAX ERROR FOUND ON LINE 20 : UTAHRAPTOR IS CLEARLY AWESOME
It's too late ! Line 10 was already interpreted !
Maybe I'll dress up for Hallowe'en as a Utahraptor !
That's a great idea !
Then I'll be able to walk up to his friends and insult them ! They'll think it's he who is the one who is insulting them ! I could wear this costume ALL THE TIME .
Then it's decided ! I will be a Utahraptor for Hallowe'en .
WHAT ? !
First off , dressing up as a member of a RACE for Hallowe'en is insanely racist . Second of all , you don't have the skill necessary to pull it off !
I'll show you !
Oh yeah ? Well if you're going as a Utahraptor , then I'm going as a T - Rex !
HALLOWE'EN :
( actually the Utahraptor ) [ [ arrow pointing at Utahraptor disguised as T - Rex ] ]
Trick or treat , or I'll stop on your house !
Ooh ! What a scary costume !
Thank you ma'am ! I stayed up all night working on it ! The vestigial arms are made of paper mache !
I just realized that if I transformed what people say to me into something I want to hear , I will only hear things that appeal to me !
Genius !
I should have thought of this years ago !
THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN WHAT IS TRANSMITTED AND WHAT IS RECEIVED an allegorical comic and comic allegory
Hello , Dromiceiomimus !
Hello , T - Rex !
Why yes , I am super - sexy today !
T - Rex , stop it ! You can't just go around putting words in people's mouths !
Says you !
Where there is lexical or syntactic ambiguity , you could argue that you are free to choose a preferred meaning - granted - but you cannot arbitrarily transform someone's words into what you want ! That process undermines the very foundation of language , as words are robbed of any fixed meaning , rendering communication arbitrary and pointless !
That will be my epitaph , then !
" Here lies T - Rex , who undermined the very foundation of language " !
Awesome !
I have been thinking about what the Utahraptor said yesterday , and by extension the ambiguity allowable in language !
Take the Bible , for instance !
There's a text passed down for hundreds of generations , translated , re - written , re - edited .
Even if you don't assume that it's the word of God , the difference in meaning between what was written THEN and what you read NOW must be staggering !
It's often said that the only way to be immortal is through your words and ideas !
I agree !
But the Bible shows us that language is mutable ! So what's the solution ? How can I ensure that the ideas I have in my head when I communicate are the same as those you get in yours when you hear me ?
I propose a rigorously defined language without syntactic or lexical ambiguity !
But how would we write puns in such a language ?
Eh ?
Or delightfully sexy double entendres ?
FABLES TOLD IN SUCH A WAY AS TO APPEAL TO THE GREED OF THE READER IN AN ATTEMPT TO GET HIM OR HER TO ACT MORE MORALISTICALLY COMICS
Once upon a time :
Everything I have is mine , and mine alone !
If other people want to use what's mine , they will have to get their own .
There's only enough for me !
Sorry !
The very next day :
I just won the lottery !
What ? !
Yep ! It was on a SHARED lottery ticket that I SHARED with a friend of mine ! Remember ? The one you didn't want to SHARE with us because you wanted to buy your own ?
Now my friend and I are richer ! We have more money !
MORAL :
I should have been more willing to share !
( IMPLICATION : " Then I'd have more money ! " )
HOW TO MEET NEW PEOPLE
Meeting new people can be fun !
It can be tiring if you are meeting a lot of new people at once , however . Here are some tips on how to meet lots of people at once :
& # 8226 ; Wear something that will identify you and make you easy - to - remember ! I recommend a " crazy " scarf or a large disfiguring scar .
Listen attentively to people's names when you meet them ! If their name is the same as yours , laugh !
I've got one !
Try to remember interesting stories about yourself . Having such stories close at hand allows you both to fill in awkward gaps in conversation , and also acts to give people a quick , hopefully representative picture of yourself !
Like when I lost someone's baby !
So . . .
Polygamy !
I've discovered that the problem with researching this sort of thing ( polygamy ) ( the subject of which I am speaking ) is that everybody has an agenda !
It's like vegetarianism : all you hear is from the militant extremes ( " Meat is Murder ! " " Vegetarians are Sissies " ) and it's hard to find a balanced viewpoint !
Have you tried reading multiple sources and , then synthesizing your own viewpoint ?
You are reading about polygamy , after all .
You know " more than one partner " . . . " more than one book " . . .
Polygamy !
Polygamous READING ? What's next ?
Eh ?
" What's next ? "
I've discovered something exciting
Writing free - form poetry is easy , if you just write whatever pops into your head !
Observe !
radiantbox
f
The end !
That was awful poetry !
It was awesome !
All you've done is throw some stupid words in a stupid framework ! It's so stupid !
Rrr ! Just thinking about how bad that poem was is making me angry !
That poem was so BAD !
How could you make something so crappy ? !
Okay ! It was just a poem ! I'm not married to it !
RECIPE COMICS
today's recipe :
CHICK PEAS IN COCONUT MILK
CUT AND SAVE !
Tonight is a good night I think for having Chick Peas in Coconut Milk for dinner !
I believe I will combine in a saucepan 2 cups of canned chickpeas , drained ; 1 tomato , chopped ; 4 whole cloves ; 2 - 3 cloves of garlic , minced ; and 1 1 / 2 cups coconut milk !
But aren't you forget about 1 1 / 2 teaspoons of turmeric and about a half a teaspoon of salt ?
Indeed I am ! The turmeric gives the dish its distinctive yellow colour .
Then you bring it all to a boil , reduce heat and let it simer for 20 minutes !
How did you know ?
I make this dish all the time ! It's great when served over rice , and feeds 2 - 3 people !
It does , indeed , old friend !
Any final comments , T - Rex ?
Only that if you want the food to be less watery , let it simmer longer - for up to 30 minutes !
I think it's time for me to get out and meet some fine new ladies !
Fine new SEXY ladies !
Any fine new sexy ladies , please identify yourselves to me !
I will be pleased to seduce you after introductions have been made !
I am the strapping young T - Rex stomping on things !
You can't honestly expect to get results by walking around shouting for " fine new sexy ladies " !
Says you ! If a woman was walking around shouting for fine new sexy dudes , she'd be chased by men from all over !
Hmm . . . that's true .
Alright , continue shouting ! I wouldn't want to support a sexual DOUBLE STANDARD .
HOURS LATER . . .
I don't get it ! Why isn't this working ? !
( Is it me ? )
COMPRESSED ORIGIN STORY COMICS
Today's origin story : BATMAN
Well , I'm perfectly content !
I may be a bit idle , a bit unfocused , but at least I haven't had a night where all sense left my life ! That's for darn sure ! Incidentally , criminals are a superstitious , cowardly lot !
Want to go to the cinema , son ? " The Mark of Zorro " is playing !
Oh boy !
Can you get mom to wear her pearl necklace ?
The one that symbolizes our family : each precious family member connected to the other ? The necklace which , if one pearl is removed , is shattered forever ? Sure , I don't see why not !
LATER :
My parents !
COMPRESSED ORIGIN STORY COMICS
Today's origin story : SUPERMAN
I am the last son of the doomed planet of Krypton !
Found , adopted and raised by the kindly Kent couple , who could not have a child of their own , I was taught about Truth , Justice and the American Way !
As I grew , I found that I could run faster than a speeding bullet ! I was more powerful than a locomotive ! I was able to leap tall buildings in a single bound ( as so ) !
In times of trouble , I am there , as SUPERMAN !
Clark ?
No , I'm Superman ! Clark Kent and I are two different people !
Oh - ha ha ! For a second there , you looked like him , only without the glasses !
Ha ha ha !
Anyway , I'll tell him you said " hi " !
COMPRESSED ORIGIN STORY COMICS
Today's origin story : GREEN LANTERN
" Green Lantern " ? !
I'll be honest , I haven't read any Green Lantern comics . He's got that power ring , right ? And he can make giant green fists with it ? And robot suits ? Can he make robot suits sometimes ?
Anyway , um - one day Green Lantern found a power ring !
It doesn't work on yellow , right ?
Yeah ! Yeah , that's right ! It doesn't work on yellow .
That's pretty weak .
No argument here .
COMPRESSED ORIGIN STORY COMICS
Today's origin story : GREEN LANTERN
One day Green Lantern found a power ring and used it to fight crime that wasn't yellow !
COMPRESSED ORIGIN STORY COMICS
Today's origin story : THE PHRASE " BALLS TO THE WALL "
Many people assume the origin of this phrase has to do with testicles !
In fact , it's quite the opposite . The phrase originated with pilots of fighter planes !
The " balls " in question referred to the knobs on top of the plane's throttle control . When the throttle was at full , the " balls " would be " to the wall " of the cockpit !
And that's the origin of the phrase " balls to the wall " .
You are incorrect ! The phrase comes from olde - fashioned steam - powered trains !
What ?
It's true ! Basically , the engines had two weighted balls , attached to a vertical shaft that was connected to the engine . As the engine speed increased , these two balls would be raised higher because of centrifugal force ! At top speed , they would be parallel to the ground , nearly touching the " walls " of the shaft !
Hence , " balls to the wall " ! Man !
That's sweet !
COMPRESSED ORIGIN STORY COMICS
Today's origin story : YOUR SENSE OF DISENCHANTMENT
Your sense of disenchantment comes from a realization that the world is not as you believed !
People lie and get away with it . Murders go unsolved ! There are people who only interact with you because they think it might be profitable for them .
You were raised on fairy tales , where there were no moral grey areas , where good and bad were clear , where there was never any real doubt over which side would win in the end !
Each lurid death reported in the paper akes you a little more cynical : a little more dead inside .
Wait !
What if this sense of disenchantment came not from a flawed world , but rather a growing realization that they themselves are flawed ? Nothing's more depressing than realizing that you can't live up to your hopes , that you'll never live out your dreams , that you probably let those you care about down , everyday !
Holy !
Why don't you tell me what you really think ?
I had the strangest dream last night . . .
It was crazy !
Or at least , I think it was crazy . I don't remember much of the dream : all I remember is waking up and thinking , " Wow , what a crazy dream ! "
I wonder what could have happened ?
Oh well !
That's it ? That's all you have to say ?
What ? It's all I remember !
Well , there's not really much for us to talk about , is there ? You had a dream that may have been crazy , but you don't remember it .
Whoo ! Let's get this conversation started !
Well , what are YOU doing here , if we have nothing to talk about ?
Yeah , that's what I thought !
" Garden path " sentences are those that trick you into thinking that they will mean one thing , but then as you read more of the sentence , that meaning is shown to be false !
For instance : " The horse raced past the barn fell " !
Why , that sentence is senseless !
Aha , my friend , so it would seem ! But it actually refers to a horse , which at some point in the past was raced past a barn , and now that same horse has fallen over !
That sentence is stupid !
What are you saying ?
What I'm SAYING is that nobody would ever say that . They'd say , " The horse that I raced past the barn has now fallen over " !
Well , they could , but they could ALSO say my sentence !
Only if they were incurably insane ! Do horses even fall over ?
Sure man , all the time !
Farmer's call them nature's dominoes !
HAPPINESS COMICS
Many philosophical systems seem predicated on increasing your happiness , either of yourself , or more globally !
I wonder , is happiness such a valid goal ?
Furthermore , if I had a machine that I could press a button on , and it would make me happy - perfectly content , indistinguishable from the real emotion - would I do anything but press the button all day long ?
It's hard to say !
Aren't you describing an addiction to drugs ? Something that makes you artificially happy ?
um
Yeah , I guess you could see it that way .
I guess
Hmm !
Seeing as i missed Thanksgiving last month , I am celebrating a new holiday today , one which I just invented ! I call it , " American Thanksgiving " !
AMERICAN THANKSGIVING COMICS
( similar , but distinct , from regular Thanksgiving )
Dromiceiomimus , would you like to come over tonight for a big " American Thanksgiving " dinner ?
Sure ! I'll bake a delicious pumpkin pie for dessert !
Excellent !
What's the deal with this " American Thanksgiving " holiday you invented , T - Rex ?
Well !
It's a time for us to reflect on all the great things we have , such as food and shelter ! You spend an evening with friends and family . Want to come over for American Thanksgiving ?
Sounds great ! I'll bring some of my famous pumpkin pie !
You can never have too much pie !
CONCLUSION :
American Thanksgiving is similar , but distinct , from regular Thanksgiving .
COMICS
IN WHICH A POINT IS EFFECTIVELY PROVEN BY ANALOGY
BUT ALSO
COMICS IN WHICH THE READER LACKS SUFFICIENT CONTEXT BY WHICH TO MAKE THE POINT CLEAR TO HIS OR HER SELF .
Well look at it this way , T - Rex ! What's more important in a song : the words or the music ?
Um - well , they're both important . It's not a song without music , but for most songs , the words are important too .
See my point ?
hmm . . .
Oh yeah !
Suddenly I feel as if my future is full of new choices , new directions !
My choices are mine to decide !
But yet , I feel troubled . If I make some change in my life , what of those I leave behind ?
I am happy here , but I know I won't be happy if I stay here forever . Leaving becomes a bitter - sweet necessity .
If only there were some way that I could come back to now . . . some way I could save this world to peek in once in a while .
Why so glum ?
I was just thinking how , if I were to leave , that would change many things .
Nostalgia for the present ?
Yeah , I guess so .
I'd be careful with that , T - Rex . . . nostalgia can be a powerful drug !
I'm high right now !
I wonder , what's the best thing that could happen to me today ?
Maybe I could win the lottery !
Or maybe when I stomp on this house , it will crack open to reveal treasure ! Gold doubloons !
PIRATE'S doubloons !
How come all your fantasies involve you becoming fantastically rich ?
Not true !
My fantasies also involved pirates .
You know , pirates weren't the romantic figures you think they were . They raped , murdered and ruined lives ! Just because they had ( admittedly ) awesome ships doesn't make them good role models !
Debateable !
Forget it ! I'm sick of everybody acting like they know what's best for me !
From no on , I'm doing what I feel like , when I feel like doing it !
And today , I feel like stomping on a house full of people I don't know , and then I think I feel like finding a loose woman and running off to some tropical country without an extradition treaty , where I will set up a home where we can live comfortably , and there I'll have sex with this woman !
How can you act like this ! ?
What are you talking about ?
Well , it just seems that this kind of activity isn't how your parents raised you to behave !
What would your father say ?
I never -
I never knew my father !
I have thought of the perfect prank to play on the Utahraptor ! I will confide in him personal stories about my youth . . .
. . . stories that , it turns out , are false !
That way , years down the road if he ever chances to mention one of these stories , I will be able to say , " Got you ! "
He'll say , " What ? " , obviously confused since my prank was years in the making . But once i explain that I was in fact LYING to him when he though he had my trust , he will laugh heartily and concede that I did indeed " get him " !
Hi , T - Rex ! Do you have any personal stories of your youth you'd like to confide in me ?
I do !
These stories wouldn't happen to be FAKE stories , would they ?
um
T - Rex ! Were you going to tell me fake stories ?
You were !
Hoisted by my own petard !
Brrr . . . it's getting cold out !
This means that winter is coming !
Luckily , as a warm - blooded being , this cold weather means little to me !
That's a matter of some debate !
Oh ?
Yes , some would argue that you are in fact a cold - blooded being !
Who'd say that ?
Um - you know . . . people !
Who ?
Just this guy I know , alright ?
I'll kick his ass !
I have been thinking , and I have come to the conclusion that it would be pretty sweet to be called as a witness in some sort of murder trial !
Pretty sweet indeed , my friends ! Pretty sweet indeed !
Why do you think it would be so great to be called as a witness in a murder trial ? Do you want to have witnessed a murder ?
Not hardly ! But I do want to be able to testify under oath , that I , T - Rex , am an AWESOME DUDE . It will go in the official court record ! It will probably be reported in the papers !
Yeah , it will probably cause a mistrial !
What ? No !
Yes ! They'll say , " Objection ! Witness is causing a mistrial ! "
No they won't !
" Additionally , witness is clearly not an awesome dude , as awesome dudes need not point out their own awesomeness ! "
But wouldn't it be SO AWESOME to discuss your own awesomeness in open court , that it would be a special case ?
I would argue , " yes " !
OBJECTIVISM COMICS
Everyone ( including me ) is an end in himself : not a means to an end for others !
This means I should exist for my own sake , neither sacrificing myself to others , nor sacrificing others to myself ! The pursuit of my own rational self interest , and happiness , is the highest moral purpose of my life !
If I must deal with others , it should be as TRADERS , in a pure capitalist system . No charity ! No sympathy ! Just business , an exchange of value for value .
But where does love fit into this system of Objectivism , T - Rex ?
What do you mean ?
Well if everything is viewed as a business arrangement between traders without charity , then how can you have love ? Love is selfless .
Nope ! Love is selfISH . You see value in someone , and they see value in you ! You want access to this value , so you arrange a spiritual exchange .
Hey , that rhymes !
LOGICAL FALLACY COMICS PRESENTS :
" THE MIDDLE GROUND "
This fallacy is when you assume that since a position is between two extremes , it must be right !
It seems to occur because often , this IS the case . For instance , eating a moderate amount of food is better than eating to excess , or eating not at all .
However , just because a case is between two extremes does not make it automatically correct ! It must be JUSTIFIED .
Well , what's an example where the middle ground is not correct ?
Easy !
Say you think I should go on a trip around the world , while I assure you that I can't afford it and that I should stay home . From that , we would conclude that I should go on a trip exactly half - way around the world , where I'd probably run out of money and get stuck !
Sounds good to me !
Luckily , we have arrived to that conclusion via a fallacy so I will be making no such trip !
I was asked by a friend of mine how he could tell his sweetheart that he loves her in a new , exciting way ! He's worried that he's said the same old thing too often , and that it's getting stale .
I assured him that there are infinitely - many ways to say " I love you " !
For instance , you could say " I love you " , but you could also say " I really love you " ! Or , for that matter : " I really really love you ! "
Therefore , since you can have an arbitrary number of 'really's , there are an infinite number of ways to say " I love you " .
That's not very helpful , is it ? You're just adding the same adverb over and over again !
So ?
So , no woman would sit around while you said " really really really really " for two hours . Anyway , after the third 'really' you move from " emphatic " to " damn creepy " !
Well that explains why that woman at the supermarket never replied to my letters !
Also they were anonymous !
Last night it occured to me that an evening at the theatre would be a delightful distraction !
However , when I arrived , they were out of tickets !
" THE STORY OF MY LIFE "
It's the story of my life !
What does that mean , " story of my life " ?
It means that that one incident is indicative of a larger trend in my life .
What larger trend are you possibly talking about ? The trend of theatres being full ?
Yes !
But in a METAPHORICAL sense .
A metaphorical sense . What metaphor would that be , exactly ?
You know ! Theatres ! Full ! No tickets !
I'm sorry , T - Rex , I really don't follow .
You were THERE !
DINOSAUR COMICS PRESENTS :
" ONE PAGE FROM 'ON THE ORIGIN OF SPECIES' BY CHARLES DARWIN "
Any variation which is not inherited is unimportant for us .
But the number and diversity of inheritable deviations of structure , both those of slight and those of considerable physiological importance , is endless . Dr . Prosper Lucas's treatise , in two large volumes , is the fullest and the best on this subject .
No breeder doubts how strong is the tendency to inheritance : like produces like is his fundamental belief .
Doubts have been thrown on this principle by theoretical writers alone .
When a deviation appears not unfrequently , and we see it in the father and child , we cannot tell whether it may not be due to the same original cause acting on
both ; but when amongst individuals , apparently exposed to the same conditions , any very rare deviation , due to some extraordinary combination of circumstances , appears in the parent - - say , once amongst several million individuals - - and it reappears in the child , the mere doctrine of chances almost compels us to a -
I Think it would be nice if I gave presents to people , once a year ! Furthermore , it would be nice if I did this on a set day .
I will call this day " Dinosaur Present Day , Featuring T - Rex " !
Dromiceiomimus , did you know that Dinosaur Present Day , Featuring T - Rex , is coming up ?
How can Dinosaur PRESENT day be coming up ?
Ho ho ho , I get it . No , " present " as in the gift !
Ha ha ha !
LATER :
You're going to be giving out presents , T - Rex ?
I am !
Awesome ! What am I getting ?
It's a surprise !
Is it a . . . DOG ?
No .
Is it a . . . SANDWICH ?
No !
I need to think of awesome presents to get all my friends !
Then I'll go out and buy these gifts ! I will do this using CAPITALISM .
Dromiceiomimus , If you could have anything in the whole world , what would you want ?
Peace and love and joy and hope and truth and beauty .
Really ? Hmm . . .
What's the matter , T - Rex ? You seem preoccupied .
I am !
I'm worried that my Dinosaur Present Day , Featuring T - Rex , has become too commercial ! We've forgotten about the true spirit of the day .
How can a one - day - old holiday have a true spirit ?
That's the magic of Dinosaur Present Day , Featuring T - Rex !
I've decided that despite the commercialism of the season , I will still be giving out presents to all my friends !
However , I will achieve this by sneaking into their houses and leaving the presents there !
SHORTLY . . .
Dromiceiomimus , I think you should examing your house carefully tomorrow morning !
Why's that ?
I have a hunch you might find some surprises there , is all !
We'll still know it's you who put the presents there , T - Rex !
True !
So , if it's not the anonymity you want , why are you going to all the trouble to sneak into our houses ?
It's no trouble !
I just like the excitement of giving people presents !
It makes me feel kind of sexy , you know ?
Dinosaur Present Day , Featuring T - Rex , has been a complete success !
People even gave ME presents ! It was awesome !
Thank you so much for the little gloves , Dromiceiomimus !
Well thank YOU for the chocolates , T - Rex ! They were very nice .
Nice chocolates for a nice lady !
This holiday of yours seems to have spread a lot of goodwill !
Indeed !
Wouldn't it be great if EVERY day could be Dinosaur Present Day ?
Featuring T - Rex ? That would be a lot of presents !
Speaking of which : thanks for the portrait ! It's a very good likeness .
Yeah man !
I am giving a " thumbs up " !
Today I am excited ! Today I did not forget my dentist appointment !
Today I will be the one to impress my dentist with my personal oral hygiene !
I spent an hour this morning making sure that my teeth were sparkly clean . I practiced in the mirror saying " Of course I floss after every meal " , " Of course , Doctor ! I floss after every meal " , and " Floss after every meal ? Of course ! "
I practiced until I got it RIGHT .
Well , do you floss after every meal ?
Not hardly !
But every time I go he asks , and every time I feel like I let him down - personally , you know ? Like he has twenty kids and I'm the only one who doesn't floss and he doesn't know why .
That's very sad .
It gets sadder ! Sometimes I imagine he's bought books on how to get your kid to floss , and he's tried everything the books say but still , I don't floss - and he's started to wonder if there is something wrong with HIM . Has he failed me as a dentist ? As a FATHER ? Where did it all go wrong ?
COMICS IN WHICH THE MAIN CHARACTER IS TIRED OF PUNS AND SO EVERYBODY DIES
I wonder what the longest word in the dictionary is !
Dromiceiomimus , do you know what the longest word in the dictionary is ?
Hmm . . . is this a riddle ? Is the answer " longest " ?
Ha ha , no , this isn't a riddle . It's a real question I'm investigating !
Ooh ! T - Rex ! I know the longest word in the dictionary !
What ?
" Smiles " !
" Smiles " .
Because there's a " mile " between the first and last letters !
That's it !
Everybody dies !
COMICS IN WHICH THE MAIN CHARACTER IS TIRED OF PUNS AND SO EVERYBODY DIES
I wonder what the longest word in the dictionary is !
Dromiceiomimus , do you know what the longest word in the dictionary is ?
Hmm . . . is this a riddle ? Is the answer " longest " ?
Ha ha , no , this isn't a riddle . It's a real question I'm investigating !
Ooh ! T - Rex ! I know the longest word in the dictionary !
What ?
" Smiles " !
" Smiles " .
Because there's a " mile " between the first and last letters !
That's it !
Everybody dies !
THE HISTORY TEACHER
Many hundreds of years ago , things were done in different ways !
Many things were more primitive . All of the modern conveniences you take for granted did not exist !
People died at a younger age .
Travel was harder and took much longer !
T - Rex , your history lesson has no value !
Why would you say that ?
Because you're not giving any real information , just general trends !
I'm sorry , but I don't think you'll make a very good history teacher .
Then I guess my career as an educator is . . .
. . . history ?
NEW YEAR'S RESOLUTIONS
New Year's Resolutions are used to make changes in your life !
Classically , one would make private resolutions and endeavour to carry these out over the new , unblemished year . However , this tradition has changed over time !
People now choose to announce their resolutions , perhaps in the hopes of making their pledges more likely to be fulfilled . Worse , in some families members make resolutions for each other : a recipe for fighting and snide , sarcastic suggestions !
Hey , that sounds like a great idea , T - Rex ! Let's make resolutions for each other !
Huh ?
Weren't you listening ? This will only lead to conflict !
No , it'll be great ! Do me first .
No !
Come on !
I've got one for you !
Y - you have one prepared ?
You jerk ! You brought a list !
WHY DO WE DRIVE ON A PARKWAY AND PARK ON A DRIVEWAY ?
Because the words have two different origins .
UNAMBIGUOUS ANSWERS TO OLD RHETORICAL QUESTIONS COMICS
WHY DON'T THEY MAKE THE ENTIRE AIRPLANE OUT OF THE SAME STUFF BLACK BOXES ARE MADE OF ?
Because that would be impractical .
WHAT DO THEY USE TO SHIP STYOFOAM ?
They use boxes !
Yes , boxes .
IF ONE SYNCHRONIZED SWIMMER DROWNS , DO THE REST DROWN TOO ?
No , they would not .
That's silly .
IS IT TRUE THAT CANNIBALS DON'T EAT CLOWNS BECAUSE THEY TASTE FUNNY ?
ARGH !
I received some excellent news last night : that I've been accepted in a part - time job at the local middle school ( grades 6 - 8 ) !
I'll be teaching TWEENS !
Look , um , T - Rex - don't say that word . No real person ever uses that word .
Then I will be the first !
No , please , T - Rex , don't use that word . You know who uses that word ? Jerks use that word , T - Rex .
SOON :
I don't care what she says ! I'm using the word " tweens " !
No you're not !
Not you too !
" Tweens " is a totally illegitimate word ! Older children are either adolescents or teenagers . No " tweens " .
" Tweens " .
Can you taste it on your tongue ? " Tweens " .
SHORTLY . . .
Ok tweens , I'll be your substitute teacher for today !
And I was once a tweenager too , so I don't want any tween tricks played on me ! Alright , tweens ?
I feel as if I've spent the past year in some sort of alternate reality ! Indeed , if I were to describe my adventures over the past several months , I would describe them as . . .
Non - canon !
SHORTLY . . .
Today is a beautiful day to be stomping on things , out here in the REAL world ! How are you today , Gertie ?
Just fine , Manospondylus Gigas !
Ha ha ! That of course is my name , which is why I am responding to it ! I'm fine today , Gertie !
Manospondylus G . ! Want to go out and get hammered ?
Hell yes !
Great . Me and my wife'll meet you at the Nisti Drinker , say , around seven ?
Great ! I too will bring my wife .
We're both married !
Ha ha ha !
COMPRESSED BIBLE COMICS
today's genre : TEEN MAGAZINE CONFESSIONAL
Dear Seventeen ,
I was in the Garden of Eden , and I don't know what I was thinking , but . . . I ate the forbidden fruit !
It was SO embarrasing ! My fave crush was there and he saw everything ! Just when I thought things couldn't get worse , God showed up , and he kicked us both out of the Garden . . . for good ! I could have died !
Then , when we were outside , I suddenly knew shame for the first time . . . and my crush did too ! I swear I never blushed so much in my enitre life !
There is a silver lining though - we are now completely in love , despite what happened !
Eve !
You're not writing to another teen magazine , are you ?
S - sorta ?
Eve ! The whole world doesn't need to know that stuff !
I'm totally breaking up with you , Eve ! For real this time !
THAT EVENING . . .
And he never called me again !
Unicorns and flying submarines are two things that do not exist !
T - REX IN : " THINGS THAT DO NOT EXIST "
Other things that don't exist include talking plants and ham and cheese sandwiches that are made out of neither ham nor cheese !
These things DON'T EXIST .
Also : Objectivity .
Why are you listing things that don't exist ? You could be here , literally , forever !
So ?
At the end , I'll have an exhaustive list of Things That Don't Exist . Then in the future if anybody ever wants to see if something exists , they could just consult my list !
But people will always be coming up with new things that don't exist !
Mine the task eternal !
I wonder what the world would be like if I had never been born !
I wonder !
Christmas a humbug , uncle ! You don't mean that , I am sure ?
I do . " Merry Christmas ! " What reason have you to be merry ? You're poor enough .
Come , then . What reason have you to be morose ? You're rich enough .
Bah ! Humbug !
Ebenezer , I am the Ghost of Christmas Past !
Long past ?
No . YOUR past .
What business brought you here ?
Your welfare - take heed ! Rise , and walk with me .
What the - ? ! That's not what I wanted to dream about at all !
I'm in the prime of life !
Ha ha ha !
Hey , Dromiceiomimus , would you say it's great to be young ?
I - I guess so !
It's great , eh ?
Yeah , it's pretty great .
It sure is !
If youth is so great , how come you're wasting it , T - Rex ?
I'm wasting it ?
You are ! At this rate , the only memories you'll have to fondly look back on when you're older are those of walking around and saying how great it is to be young !
You're right !
However , that will be more than enough excitement for me !
COMICS IN WHICH ALREADY - NAKED DINOSAURS DEBATE THE MERITS OF SWIMMING NAKED
I believe today I will go down to the beach and swim !
Naked !
Good morning , Dromiceiomimus ! Beutiful day , isn't it ?
It is indeed , T - Rex . A fine day for going to the beach - is that where you're headed ?
It is , my friend ! I'm going to swim naked !
Off to the beach ?
I am , good sir !
Mind if I join you ?
Not at all !
Let me go get my swimming trunks !
Why ?
To swim in ?
Go naked !
No ! I'll be right back .
I'm swimming naked !
HOW TO WIN ARGUMENTS
Winning arguments is easy !
The secret is to convince your opponent that arguing with you isn't worthwhile ! When they abandon the argument / friendship , you win !
It's really that easy !
I feel your technique isn't one for winning arguments ; rather , it's one for losing friendships !
No !
I SPECIFICALLY specified that it's for winning arguments / friendships .
First : Annoying your opponent doesn't mean you've won . Second : You can't " win " a friendship . It's not a competition . There are no winners or losers .
Hmm . . . sounds to me like somebody lost their last few friendships !
WHAT'S THE CUTEST PHRASE YOU CAN COME UP WITH ?
That's easy !
" Happy machine ! "
Now granted , it's not the cutest phrase if you just look at it . But if you think about what a happy machine would do - what it would look like , you end up with something that is just so cute !
A happy machine !
So - what ? It's a machine that is happy ? A happy robot ?
No !
It's a machine to create happiness . A happy machine !
That - that IS pretty cute !
But what happens if the happy machine fails ? If it breaks into pieces ?
Oh noo !
I've made a fantastic discovery : a discovery bound to send the music theorists back to their dusty old drawing boards ! For you see . . . .
I've discovered how to turn most any love song into a sea shanty !
A sea shanty ? Like , a pirate song ?
Indeed !
And how do you plan to accomplish this miraculous transformation ?
Easy ! I simply replace every instance of " baby " with " matey " !
There's no way that would work , T - Rex ! No way !
Try it yourself !
Alright ! Hmm . . well - " together you and me could be so special matey " . . .
" Hush little matey / Don't you cry " . . .
Ma ma ma ma matey / Don't you forget my number ! "
See ?
It's amazing !
THE DIFFERENCES BETWEEN ADULTS AND CHILDREN COMICS ( note that if you already have a full grasp on such differences , this comic will probably be of no help to you )
The differences between adults and children are many !
For example : while adults are by definition fully grown , children are much smaller ! Adults have more life experiences than children , who may have very little ! Adults , legally , are fully - recognized people , while children are not ! They do not have the same rights .
Yes , there are many differences between adults and children !
Hey , T - Rex !
What is it , Utahraptor ?
I was just babysitting my adult neighbor . But then I realized : wait , you don't babysit adults ! You only babysit CHILDREN !
How embarrassing !
Oh , I know it !
Well , to be fair , that IS one of the differences between adults and children !
As the fantastic fellow that I am , I've decided to reward my friends for their hard years of friendship !
I will be rewarding them by giving out prizes : anything their heart desires !
SOON
Dromiceiomimus , I would like to reward you for being my friend ! What would yo like ?
T - Rex , I didn't become your friend because of the chance of a reward ! I'm not sure this is a good idea : people might find it insulting !
Is that true ? Could others take my offer of prizes to be an insult ?
Easily !
Here's why : it implies that being your friend is somehow deserving of recompense . You insult yourself , but you also insult us , because if we were truly your friends , we wouldn't want prizes ! The fact that you are offering them implies you think we'd take them , which implies that you think our friendship is insincere !
Good God , you're right ! Let me make this up to you . We'll go to the movies !
That'll be fun , eh ?
My treat !
I find " cooties " to be an interesting idea . We hear about this 'disease' as children , and we never forget !
Nobody wants to have cooties , despite the fact that they have no effect on anyone whatsoever !
T - Rex , you have cooties ?
What ? No ! I don't have cooties ! Nobody has cooties !
Okay , but I heard you had cooties ! I heard you had them bad !
T - Rex , you have cooties ? !
No I don't !
What's with everyone asking me if I have cooties ? Maybe YOU have cooties !
Ha ha , nice try ! We all know that you're the one with cooties !
I'm not !
I don't know . . . seems to me like you are !
IT IS CLEAR THAT I DO NOT IN FACT HAVE COOTIES !
Everyone ! This T - Rex here has cooties !
No ! Don't listen to him !
I just realized : I'm almost certainly the one person who knows me the best ! This has many implications . . .
For one , it means if I think I'm awesome , no - one can dispute it because I'm the authority !
This is great ! I intend to make all sorts of pronouncements about myself , pronouncements that people will be forced to accept , because who would know myself better than me ? Nobody , that's who !
Looks like my weekend just got filled up !
Unfortunately , your reasoning is flawed , T - Rex !
I don't see how !
While you may well be the authority on all things T - Rex , this does not mean that people should accept your judgments without question !
It doesn't ?
Nope ! Even authorities must justify themselves !
I guess you're righ - Hey !
Is there some political undertone to what you're saying ? !
I have been secretly programming in my spare time ! What's more , I have completed my first game . I call it . . .
" Monkey Whore ! "
Like all my work , the exclaimation mark belongs in the title . It's that exciting a game !
What do you do in " Monkey Whore ! " ?
Well , it's great . You start out as a monkey whore and then you collect coins and at the end of the game you are the Champion of the Monkey Whores !
Where did you pick up a word like " whore " , T - Rex ? !
I saw it on the Internet !
And - you know what a " whore " is ?
I have the basic idea ! A whore is someone who collects coins , yes ?
T - Rex , a whore is someone who has sex for money .
Holy cow !
My game's not appropriate AT ALL !
ORIGINALLY :
Who cares about feelings ?
I tell it like it is !
THE EVOLUTION OF SOCIAL GRACES
VICTORIAN TIMES :
My lady , wouldst thou be so kind as to prepare me my dinner and birth me my babies ?
Good sir , my heart is aflutter ! I will do as you ask .
You have my thanks !
Quickly , now .
THE SEXUAL REVOLUTION :
Let's have ( emotionally speaking ) consequence - free sex !
What's the secret word ?
Please !
THE PRESENT DAY :
Is it still alright to hold a door open for a lady ?
Hmm . . . I think so , as long as you'd let her hold it open for you .
Now that's fair to BOTH genders !
THE FUTURE :
Who cares about feelings ? !
We tell it like it is !
Damn right ! That's because we're all part of a cybernetic collective consciousness .
AGREED
I have finished a new novel ! This is my best novel yet , for the simple reason that it includes one critical aspect :
A sex scene !
You wrote a sex scene ?
Yep ! It's HOT , if I do say so myself !
But what if someone you know reads it ? What if your MOM reads it ?
Shit ! I hadn't thought of that !
Damn damn damn ! What am I going to do ? I'm doomed !
Well , has the book been published ?
Not as such .
So ? Problem solved !
I - I guess so !
BUT TWO MONTHS LATER , THE BOOK IS PUBLISHED . . .
I'm sabotaging my own life ! !
Today I am not going to make any decision , except for this decision , just now , not to make any decisions !
This is great ! I can't be held responsible for my actions !
SOON :
Dromiceiomimus , should I stomp this house FAST , or should I stomp this house SLOW ?
You should stomp that house not at all !
I'm sorry but please limit your answers to the suggestions provided !
I'm disappointed , T - Rex ! You're not living up to the possibilities of your decision !
Oh ?
Yeah , you could completely subsume your personality and only do what people tell you to do , thereby becoming the ultimate personification of society , and , likely , a very poignant example ! Instead you're framing your questions so you do what you want to anyway .
Oh man , I should totally become the ultimate personification of society ! Everything I did would be instantly symbolic
Imagine the symbology if I committed suicide ?
WITH THE TV ON ?
ENTHUSIASTIC USE OF OUTDATED CATCH - PHRASES COMICS
" Houston , we have a problem ! "
Ha ha ha !
Hey , Dromiceiomimus ! These people in this house , you know what they're saying ?
Huh ? What ?
" Houston , we have a problem ! "
Ha ha ha !
" Houston , we have a problem ! "
" Houston , we have a problem ! " , little lady !
Give it a break , T - Rex !
Your catchphrase is not only annoying , but OUT OF DATE . You should find a more modern catch - phrase !
Like what ?
Like . . . I don't know . . .
" The ravages of puberty leave no - one unscathed ! "
TWO HOURS LATER :
" Houston , we have a problem ! "
Ha ha ha !
PHILOSOPHY COMICS
We can't trust our senses ! The entire world could be an illusion !
Oh well . It doesn't really matter either way , I suppose .
Are we still on for dinner ?
THE END
PHILOSOPHY COMICS II
T - Rex ! Science tells us everything is relative !
This means that there is no such thing as truth ! Your idea of what is right could be just as good as mine !
You misrepresent the science . All vantage points are relative , however , this does not mean that all THINGS are relative . That would be absurd .
But please , continue to take simplified scientific results and apply them naively to philosophical thought !
fin
With new understandings coming from the field of Science , we no longer have to give God all the credit for creating the Universe !
It's great !
In the past , we did not have a very good understanding of our world , and so attributing storms and such to God made sense .
But NOW , we understand things ! We don't need a God to make hurricanes and babies for us . We can make them in a lab !
In effect , WE ( and by 'we' I mean 'dinosaurs' ) have become the all - powerful Gods of old !
I'm afraid your reasoning is flawed T - Rex ! Fatally flawed !
I don't see how !
Well , say when you're a kid your father builds the house you live in . You'd give him the credit , right ? And say that you're older and NOW , you understand how to build a house . Can you then conclude that your father didn't build your childhood home ?
The answer is " no " , T - Rex !
Well I still have plenty more proof that God doesn't exist ! Remember all those emails I sent Him back in December ?
They BOUNCED !
COMICS IN WHICH MATTERS TAKE A SUDDEN TURN FOR THE WORSE
Well , I'm perfectly content !
Yes indeed , life is good !
Wait - what's this ?
A growth on my leg ?
THE END
COMIC IN WHICH THE DEAD COME BACK TO LIFE TO HARASS THE LIVING
Run away !
Run away !
Wait - what are we running from ?
Remember ? The dead have come back and are harassing the living ! They want to eat our brains !
Shit , no !
I've decided that I will put my tremendous height , strength , abilities , intellect , and colour to good use !
I will become . . .
A superhero !
First I need a secret identity , but I've already god that . Then I need an origin story , but I can figure that out later . What's most important is fighting crime !
Shouldn't you be having these thoughts in your private lair , rather than out in the open ?
Silence , citizen !
Ooh ! Ooh ! I want to be a superhero too !
No ! You're stealing my idea !
I'll be The Raptor , and my ability will be to sneak up behind you , jump on your back , hook my claws into your flesh , and tear you apart !
No , but I was going to -
Oh ! And the Dromiceiomimus can be my sidekick ! We'll have our own base !
No fair ! I was going to ask her to be MY sidekick !
You can't just -
My base is going to be better !
I have heard of the perfect way for one , and all of ones friends to be the classiest group of people ever !
How to appear to be classy !
The secret is the HANDSHAKE . If you greet all of your friends with a handshake , then , WITHOUT FAIL , people will start commenting on how classy you are !
This is going to be great !
And when people do compliment me on my classiness , I'll shake their hand !
I think you may be on to something !
I do believe I am !
But you didn't shake my hand just now . It is LESS CLASSY to run up behind someone shouting than to give them a firm handshake !
Oops ! My mistake . I'll shake your hand right now ! Ready ?
Ready !
Okay , hold out your arm !
Ha , ha ! Here I go !
* VALENTINE'S DAY COMICS *
Valentine's Day ? !
* Oh no ! *
I need to find myself a Valentine , STAT !
T - Rex , I was hoping I'd run into you ! Would you be my Valentine ?
Aww ! Of course I'll be your Valentine , Dromiceiomimus !
Hooray !
Hey , T - Rex ! I wanted to ask you a question !
Sure !
But before you say anything , I want to share with you some happy news : that Dromiceiomimus wanted to be my Valentine !
Oh !
Great !
Well ! I guess you've got no need for me then ! I GUESS I'LL JUST GO HOME AND DIE ALONE !
Stupid manufactured holidays !
I have recently discovered a new philosophical system of beliefs !
Buddhism !
Buddhism allows me to forgo material things .
All I have to do is sit around all day and think , then I become enlightened !
It is a sweet deal .
Truly , Buddhism is the way for me !
Then why are you stomping on that woman ?
Huh ?
You're not supposed to go around killing people if you're a Buddhist . It's the first of the Ten Precepts !
I think it's pretty clear that you have only the most superficial grasp on the philosophy , T - Rex !
Perhaps culled only from cartoonish stereotypes !
I also saw a statue !
You know how sometimes you wonder what your life would be like , if only you made some decisions differently ?
Well , I intend to find out !
It'll be great ! I'll move to a new town and START OVER . Then every chance I have , I'll make the other decision : the one I didn't make the first time !
It'll be great ! And if things turn out worse with these new decisions , well then - - lesson learned ! I'll just move back here and never speak of it again .
Then it's settled : I'll move to a new town , make new friends , and start a whole new identity !
Why ?
" Why " ?
Yeah , " why " , as in " why move away and start life again ? " What , did you commit some horrible crime ?
Ha ha !
NO , I didn't commit some horrible crime !
Right ?
I have finally decided to add another word to my List of Favourite Words !
The word ?
Sesquipedalian !
The reason this word is so great is that it means " given to the overuse of long words " and it itself is a long word !
i can't get enough !
So - what ? You enjoy the irony of the word , T - Rex ?
Yep !
Is that alright ?
Sure ! It's great !
Alright then !
Super !
Fantastic !
Well then !
I'm glad we had this little talk !
HILARIOUS OUTTAKES COMICS
It's been a memorable two weeks indeed !
Do you recall a few days ago , when we had that hilarious conversation ?
I thought I would die laughing !
I - um .
Line ?
HILARIOUS OUTTAKES COMICS II
So what meaning do you see my actions representing ?
The futility of life ?
Oh man !
Now I - um . . .
Line ?
I have been thinking of registering a domain name . . .
. . . on the Internet !
This domain name will have to be something that reflects me and my interests !
Something that says , " This is an awesome dude ! " but also says " You should sign the guestbook ! "
Hmm . . .
I've got a great domain name for you !
Oh boy ! What is it ?
AS THE UTAHRAPTOR GIVES HIS SUGGESTION , THE T - REX'S FACE FILLS WITH EXCITEMENT . . .
That's perfect !
ICE CREAM NIGHT
Who wants some ice cream ? !
Dromiceiomimus , come over tonght ! I'm going to have an ICE CREAM NIGHT .
Ice cream night ?
Yeah ! We'll all go out for ice cream ! It'll be fun !
Ice cream !
Hey , T - Rex ! Beautiful day , isn't it !
It IS !
It's so beautiful , you should come over tonight for ice cream !
Ice cream night ?
You know it !
I'm there !
THAT NIGHT . . .
Shit , it's still winter !
So , if you'll excuse the pun , I think you'll agree : one cannot have a " will to " something without first a " will through " something , yes ?
Utahraptor ?
Utahraptor ? !
Where the hell did he go ? He was right here !
We were talking !
I was being CLEVER !
T - Rex ! Wait up !
Where were you ?
You were a bit boring , so I went somewhere else !
R - Really ?
Ha ha , just kidding . I went to get some smokes .
Since when do you smoke ?
Since WHEN ? !
I can't believe the Utahraptor's a smoker ! I can't believe it !
Doesn't he know he's damaging his LUNGS ? !
Dromiceiomimus , did you know that the Utahraptor is a smoker ?
Sure I did ! We smoke together sometimes !
YOU smoke TOO ? ! I could stomp a house , I'm so shocked !
Later . . .
My shock is continued !
It's MY choice , T - Rex !
So don't get all holier - than - thou on me ! Maybe I just like the taste of nicotine !
Maybe I'll just like the taste of BURYING YOUR ASS !
You heard me !
I guess I shouldn't freak out too much about people smoking . I'm not sure if it's my place . . . I'll try to be more " cool " about it !
Plus , I don't want to become a big old sanctimonious bastard !
So , Dromiceiomimus ! How long have you been smoking ?
Oh , I only smoke once in a while , and only when I've been drinking .
Wait - you DRINK ? !
Am I a prude ? Am I out of touch with the youth of today ?
Maybe a little !
Not to say that smoking is great , but I too only smoke the occasional cigarette when I've been drinking ! There's worse things I could be doing , like murders !
I - I just would prefer it if you'd consider quitting the habit !
That's right !
I said it !
T - REX WHAT'S GOING ON
Who said that ? !
IT'S ME GOD
Oh yeah ? Prove it ! What am I going to do next ?
YOU'RE GOING TO STOMP ON A WOMAN AGAINST MY WISHES
Ha ! I'd like to see that !
Oh my goodness ! He was right !
Who was right ?
God ! !
God's talking to me and he can tell the FUTURE !
HEY GUYS
Huh ? I don't hear anything . Maybe you're going CRAZY , T - Rex !
DON'T LISTEN TO HIM HE STILL DOESN'T KNOW HIS TIMES TABLES
Hah hah hah ! No way !
the DINOSAUR at the end of this comic
starring lovable , scaly old T - REX
Hello , everybodee !
This is a very dull panel . What is on the next panel ?
WHAT DID THAT SAY ? Did that say there will be a dinosaur at the end of this comic ?
It did ? Oh , I am so scared of dinosaurs ! !
Listen , I have an idea . If you do not read any panels , we will never get to the end of this comic .
And that is good , because there is a dinosaur at the end of this comic .
so please do not read the next panel .
THEY READ THE PANEL !
Maybe you do not understand ! You do not know what you are doing to me !
I , T - Rex , am begging you not to read the next panel !
The next panel is the end of this comic , and there is a DINOSAUR at the end of this comic !
Oh , I am so SCARED ! Please do not read the next panel . PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE !
Well , look at that ! This is the end of the comic , and the only one here is ME !
I , lovable , scaly old T - Rex am the dinosaur at the end of this comic !
And you were so scared ! I told you and told you that there was nothing to be afraid of !
COMICS IN WHICH DISASTER STRIKES !
Here is a list of things that I've burnt :
- Toast !
- My house !
- Dinner !
- My Fingers !
- RUBBER .
You're forgetting one !
Which ?
- Bridges ?
Oh , that's very funny , Utahrapt -
JUST AT THAT MOMENT , DISASTER STRIKES !
Look out behind you ! !
How can I possibly be late for my important meeting AGAIN ?
How is this even possible ? !
I got up early , I ate breakfast early , I showered early , and yet : I am late ! Again ! Still !
Why I am always late for my very important meetings ?
I do not understand this !
If there were an award for lateness , I would be the winner , two years in a row !
Hey , T - Rex !
Hello Utahraptor ! How are you today ?
I'm fine , fine ! But it sounds like maybe you're a little late !
Oh , ha ha ! Don't worry about me !
It's just something I have to take care of , you know ?
Last night I built myself a machine . . .
. . . a time machine !
This time machine is a watch , one that allows me to travel through time at the fantastic rate of one second per second .
It will show me what tomorrow is like , tomorrow !
( What a great adventure ! )
That sounds like a pretty useless time machine !
Hey !
Besides , everybody knows that the smart way to build a time machine is to spend your life building it , but then have your future self send it back in time to you right now , thereby saving you the effort ! You've been wasting your time !
What ?
SUDDENLY , THIS COMIC'S PUNCHLINE , AND THAT OF THE SYNDICATED COMIC STRIP " CATHY " , ARE SWITCHED !
Ack !
I'm going to write my autobiography ! But rather than writing it myself ,
I'm going to get lots of other people to write it for me !
Then , wouldn't that be a biography ?
I guess so . But different ! Everybody I know gets to write one chapter , and they don't see what other people wrote until the book is published !
This sounds like fun , T - Rex !
I think it will be , and flattering too !
Flattering ? What if everyone writes the same complaint ?
Huh ?
Yeah , what if we all say " He's good , but he smells funny on Tuesdays ? "
What ? I don't smell funny on Tuesdays ! !
Who smells funny on a specific day of the week ?
I'm going to write my autobiography ! But rather than writing it myself ,
I'm going to get lots of other people to write it for me !
Then , wouldn't that be a biography ?
I guess so . But different ! Everybody I know gets to write one chapter , and they don't see what other people wrote until the book is published !
This sounds like fun , T - Rex !
I think it will be , and flattering too !
Flattering ? What if everyone writes the same complaint ?
Huh ?
Yeah , what if we all say " He's good , but he smells funny on Tuesdays ? "
What ? I don't smell funny on Tuesdays ! !
Who smells funny on a specific day of the week ?
All right !
I'm pissed off , so everybody get out of my way !
My rage brings destruction !
My rage brings DEATH !
What the hell are you doing ? !
Today is my " day of rage " .
I thought your " day of rage " was yesterday .
Shoot , you're right ! Oh man . . .
I've got some 'splainin to do !
THE UTAHRAPTOR IN : THE MIND - CONTROL RAY
Dear God !
The Utahraptor's mind - control ray experiment : it finally succeeded !
It gives him dominion over the minds of men , and his absolute power has corrupted him , absolutely !
T - Rex , he's going around making people give him all their money !
Somehow - SOMEHOW - we've got to stop him ! The fate of the free world depends on it !
T - Rex ! Give me all your money !
NO ! You'll never get away with this !
Maybe this mind - control ray I've hidden in the palm of my hand will make you change your mind ?
I -
ALL THE MONEY
LATER THE UTAHRAPTOR USES THE MIND - CONTROL RAY ON HIMSELF , AND BECOMES . . . A KINDER PERSON !
Thanks for the cookies !
DREAMS COME TRUE
I had a horrible dream last night ! Real nightmare !
In my dream , everything had turned into plasticine ! Do you ever have nightmares , Dromiceiomimus ?
I guess , but I never remember them at the morning !
I wish I wouldn't either !
Hey T - Rex , are you sure it was just a dream ?
What do you mean ?
Well , you look quite plasticineish to me !
You're just trying to scare me !
I'm not , you should take a look in a mirror !
But mirrors don't exist yet !
Straight outta prehistoric Compton , a crazy motherf * * * er named T - Rex !
I mack on hoes in hopes of having sex !
I don't need an AK , cause I've got a foot ! That can stomp your house into a pile of soot ! Sucker MCs see me bend my knees -
Please don't stomp on 'em , T - Rex !
Dromiceiomimus please !
Stomping on fools is my favourite sport ! Here comes the Utahraptor with a witty retort !
My skills are ill cause I predate time ! Ain't no mics been invented to amplify my rhymes !
Sucks to be you !
That is certainly true !
My rhymes are so oldschool , the school is still new !
This is MY town - a dirty town , but I'm gonna clean it up . . .
T - REX IN : CRIME STOMPER 2
T - Rex ! You can't stomp that house ! You don't have a warrant ! !
Don't try to stop me - this cabin is a FRONT !
. . . for DRUGS ! !
You wanted to see me , chief ?
Dammit Rex ! That cabin belonged to a well - respected businessman ! !
Yeah , well respected . . . for DRUGS !
That's it Rex ! You're a loose cannon and I want your gun and badge ! !
You're suspended - indefinitely !
But - but I have low self - esteem ! Remember ? ?
I made us a lasagna for dinner - we just have to heat it up .
Great !
Man , I already had lasagna for lunch
Earlier that day
Lasagna !
Hey , T - Rex !
What ? Oh , yes ! That's right , other dinosaur , it's me , your life - long friend , T - Rex !
Huh ?
Hey T - Rex , it's almost noon . You hungry ?
Of course I'm hungry ! I could eat my weight in carrots - - er - - raw meat .
Because I'm a carnivore !
Hmm . . .
Say , what do you think about stomping on some houses and stuff ?
No way ! I might accidentally hurt some rabbits !
. . . which would actually be okay because , as a carnivore , I . . . eat . . . rabbits .
Okay , hold it right there , you impostor .
but - -
Gotcha !
Wha ?
Oh honey ! I've never been so excited ! !
Our first home !
Dang right , Honey Buns ! It's darn near as perfect as perfect can be ! !
THE PLIGHT OF THE LOWER CLASS WILL NEVER BE UNDERSTOOD BY THE WEALTHY
What is that ?
Damn you , Opportunistic real estate agency ! !
Our dreams
Qwantz Realty
Today , gentle reader of the comic in which I am a character , ( perhaps the TITLE character ? ) we are going to break the 4th wall .
We may , in fact , be doing it now !
It's called the fouth wall in theatre because of the three walls of the set , isn't it ? In comics , wouldn't we call it the fifth wall ? The first four walls would be the four sides of the panel , wouldn't they ?
N . . . No ?
I think she's right , T - Rex .
The question you have to ask yourself now , is which of the four walls did you break ?
Oh no !
What's all this then ? I appear to be made of crude sticks and dots ! And I feel mildly chunky !
ALTERNATE UNIVERSE !
Dromiceiomimus , in this universe , instead of being my ex - girlfriend , you are a street - wisened homicide detective named " Lenny " !
Spread 'em , perp !
I will be a racially stereotyped informant named " Miguel Sanchez " !
WAIT .
That's not an alternate universe , that's " Law and Order " . And it doesn't have anything to do with stick figures .
Oh YEAH ? Well ,
Executive Producer DICK WOLF
The Lion King is a great movie !
It has everything a good movie needs .
Plus a beautiful message , without making the movie too corny .
Yup . Great movie it was .
What about the discrimination ? The female lions aways have to hunt while the men sleep .
That wasn't in the movie .
Exactly . They totally avoided the subject .
* gasp *
ALTERNATIVE RENDERINGS GUEST COMICS ! ! ! by Dave Cheung
I may look different , but I assure you . . .
I am as much myself as I have ever been !
Why , I still take immense pleasure in stomping on this conveniently placed log cabin .
. . .
And of course , a young lady that is in a prime position for a good stomping herself .
THIS CANNOT BEEE ! ! ! ! !
RAAAARG ! ! !
Well , I do hope you've learned something from this unfortunate episode .
Indeed I have . Indeed I HAVE !
STOMP HARDER ! ! !
Know what I hate ? Comics that break the " fourth wall ! "
Damn straight !
It's cheap lazy writing by talentless hacks with no creative muscle !
You heard me ! If anyone were to debase this comic with cheap " fourth wall " jokes , I would crush not only this house and family , but the " fourth wall " joke - teller him - or herself ! That is the extent of my rancor and wrath !
Take that , self - aware nincompoops ! Feel the foot wrath of my feet !
Hold it !
Stop !
Don't you realize that by going on this tirade you are not only revealing the " fourth wall " of this strip , but coming of as a phony who criticizes the very flaws he indulges in for comic effect ?
I must have taken a wrong left turn near Albuquerque !
Because now I am trapped in Contradiction City !
I should go .
But I can't !
And why not ?
I'm waiting For Godot !
You're sure it was here ?
What ?
That we were to wait .
He said by the tree . Do you see any others ?
What is it ?
I don't know . A willow .
Where are the leaves ?
It must be dead .
No more weeping !
Or perhaps it's not the season .
Looks more to me like a bush .
A shrub .
A bush .
LATER . . .
Godot ! Where were you ?
Hey , man ! What's the haps ?
Okay ! Time to get down to some squashing ! Hey . . . what gives ? What's with the word balloon and the jester regular font ?
There's a real gay looking Josie and the Pussycats type background too !
There's only four panels , no little people , no dromiceiomimus , and we look all different ! Everything's changed !
We've broken free from the endless cycle ! From here on , anything can happen !
Let's eat a flintstone !
something's wrong today . . .
what ?
things are not the way they should be
why not ?
I usually star in the first panel , then you , my sidekick , come only three panels later . . .
oh . . .
but there you are today . . .
sorry
and all panels are identical !
sorry again
you should be
aaaaah ! ! we're moving ! !
what the . . .
I'm scared ! !
we're going to die ! ! ! aaaaaaaaaaaaaah ! ! !
no , we're saved !
how's that ?
it always ends in the sixth panel !
oh . . .
so it's ending now , right ?
well . . .
please hold my hand , I'm scared !
I can't , I'm stuck here !
and I'm not gay !
I am such a great T - Rex !
In fact , I must be the greatest T - Rex in the world !
Hey , Dromiceiomimus ! Look at me as I crush this small building ! Don't you think I possess the greatest building crushing form in the world ?
It's ok . I guess . . .
What ? By " ok " , do you mean GREAT ? And by " I guess " , do you mean " know with absolute certainty ? " If so , then I agree !
Utahraptor ! Take a look at what I'm going to do to this unsuspecting woman !
Huh ?
My stomp exhibits far more grace than any other T - Rex ! Just another example of why I'm the greatest !
It was a pretty good . . . stomp . . . I suppose . But you're not the greatest T - Rex . That title belongs to Steve on the other side of the river .
What ! ?
I must defeat him !
I would like to start a biscuits and gravy club .
I LOVE biscuits and gravy !
I believe I would call it " Get Biscuits , Pal , Or Go To An Early Gravy . "
T - Rex , that sounds like an ad slogan , not the name of an organization .
It does ?
Something more official sounding would be better . Might I suggest " Biscuits and Gravy Associated " ?
At least we can agree on one thing . . .
Biscuit fever is here to stay !
I've been practicing a little something in my spare time !
Mime !

Amazing , eh , Dromiceiomimus ?
What , that ? You were supposed to be miming ?
Driving a car ! Uncanny , yes ? Don't worry , there is no invisible car !
That's not what driving a car looks like !
Oh yeah ? You can do better ?
Watch this !
Oh , whatever !
whatever , man !
That's nothing ! You wanna see what driving a car REALLY looks like ?
beep beep
I have received a stern letter from the " government " ! They are angry because I didn't pay my " taxes " last year ! Well , guess what , government ?
Last year is now officially non - canon !
T - REX IN : SOLVING PROBLEMS BY DECLARING PARTS OF YOUR LIFE TO BE NON - CANON
I got the idea from TV ! From now on , whenever something I don't like happens to me , I'll just declare it to be non - canon !
Is this conversation canon ?
So far !
You can't apply ideas from FICTION to your own life !
Sure I can ! I just did !
Remember that time I got beat up in Grade 2 ? Guess what ? It's not canon anymore ! And remember that time I lost a baby ? Guess what ?
It's not canon anymore ?
CORRECT !
In summary , any event in which I was embarrassed is now non - canon !
I've also retroconned my name to be " Mister Awesome " , by the way !
JEALOUS ?
IDENTITY THEORY COMICS
The identity theory is that all states of the mind are identical to all states of the brain !
This means that for every perception , every emotion , even for every thought that I have , there is a corresponding state in my brain to match .
My sense of self itself is nothing more than the physical state of the chemicals and neurons in my stately skull !
Your theory has appeal , T - Rex !
It does ?
Sure ! It seems rational , plus it gives up hope that we could design a computer with a consciousness and - dare I dread - a soul !
But it's not that simple !
Sure it is ! If you're hung up about consciousness , consider it to be emergent behavior !
Dude , I don't even know what that is !
I've had a great idea ! I'm going to convince one of my friends that I have a magical ring . But the catch is , the ring only works if you are pure of heart !
So , this friend of mine will undergo a regime of self - improvement !
However , when they finally have bettered themselves and are " pure of heart " , they will realize that there was no magic ring : the magic was in them , all along !
But & # 8211 ; that doesn't really make sense .
Sure it does ! It's a magic ring !
LATER . . .
T - Rex , do you want to come over this evening to watch a movie ?
Sure !
Actually , I was hoping I'd run into you . I have a MAGIC RING that I'd like to give to you ! But the catch is , it only works if you are pure of heart .
Oh & # 8211 ; thanks , but never - mind . I had one of those before , and it turns out the magic was in me , all along .
Well , would & # 8211 ;
Would you like another ?
It's my favourite season :
Spring !
In spring you get flowers popping up , new fresh air , young lovers walking hand - in - hand . . .
It's all very pretty !
Do I detect a note of melancholy in your voice ?
Perhaps !
It's just like - I wish I were part of that young couple walking hand - in - hand , you know ?
I do ! Sometimes , I feel like my youth is slipping away from me , like I should be doing more . . .
Yeah . . .
Anyway , who cares ? It's spring !
Yes , it's spring ! Time to go for long walks in the springtime sun !
It's extra nice , since today I have a full stomach ! Life is good !
Fancy meeting you here , Dromiceiomimus ! Out for a walk in the springtime ?
I am , T - Rex , and you as well , I see !
It is a popular pasttime on the first warm day of the year !
There you are , you jerk ! You ate all my cookies last night !
Ha ha , yep ! Sure did !
I didn't invite you over to eat all my cookies , T - Rex !
You went to the washroom and I was hungry ! Let us just enjoy this fine day together !
I'm not going to enjoy it with you when you stole all my cookies , you scallywag !
Whoah , hold up !
" Scallywag " ?
I've come across a way of making any otherwise - simple sentence sinister and creepy ! The secret is simple :
The secret is whispering !
It works as follows : assume it's your birthday today , Dromiceiomimus . If I were to say , " Happy birthday , Dromiceiomimus ! " that would sound normal , yes ?
Yes !
But check out what happens if I whisper !
[ [ whispers ] ] happy birthday dromiceiomimus
Oh my goodness !
Ooh , do it on me ! Pretend I got a new shirt or something !
Okay , I'll try !
[ [ whispers ] ] that shirt looks good on you , utahraptor
[ [ whispers ] ] it looks good on your body
Oh wow !
See ? Creeeeepy !
RECIPE COMICS
today's recipe
VEGETABLES FOR BACHELORS
CUT AND SAVE !
Eating vegetables can be a pain for today's breed of young , cool , somehow single men !
The trick , Dromiceiomimus , is NOT to make vegetables fun . Nothing makes vegetables fun except using them as weapons ( carrot swords , etc ) .
The TRICK is to put all the vegetables into one easy - to - make , delicious dish !
How do you do it ?
Well , I'm glad you asked !
You chop up two potatoes , two tomatoes , and one onion , and throw them all in a pot !
Then , you add about 3 cups of spinach , and 1 / 2 cup of water , and maybe a few chopped - up chili peppers if you like your vegetables like you like your women ( spicy ) .
Cover and cook over medium heat until the potatoes are soft !
Awesome ! Okay , once more , from the top !
This is going to be the best talent show ever !
LOGICAL FALLACY COMICS PRESENTS : " THE GAMBLER'S FALLACY "
The gambler's fallacy is when one assumes that a deviation from what occurs in the long term . . .
. . . will be corrected in the short term !
This is most often seen when people play games of chance . They'll assume that , say , since they've had such bad luck with rolls of the dice recently , they are somehow " due " for a good roll !
However , in most cases things are independent . The results of the previous roll has no bearing on the current roll !
And just how is this a logical fallacy , T - Rex ? It sounds more like basic probability !
Well . . .
" Well . . . "
Whatever !
LOGICAL FALLACY COMICS PRESENTS : " THE GAMBLER'S FALLACY "
The gambler's fallacy is when one assumes that a deviation from what occurs in the long term . . .
. . . will be corrected in the short term !
This is most often seen when people play games of chance . They'll assume that , say , since they've had such bad luck with rolls of the dice recently , they are somehow " due " for a good roll !
However , in most cases things are independent . The results of the previous roll has no bearing on the current roll !
And just how is this a logical fallacy , T - Rex ? It sounds more like basic probability !
Well . . .
" Well . . . "
Whatever !
COMPRESSED FILM COMICS
today's film :
STAR TREK II : THE WRATH OF KHAN
Oh man !
Khaaaaaaaaan !
Hah hah , OK . You are my son , David , and we are trying to locate the Genesis device , which has been stolen , and which has the awesome power to reshape worlds !
I just hope my arch - nemesis , Khan , a genetically engineered superman from Earth's Eugenic Wars of the 1990s , doesn't show up !
I stranded him on a planet years ago , and he never forgets a face !
To the last , I will grapple with thee ! From hell's heart , I stab at thee !
Khan !
That's right Kirk ! And though I may think , tactically , in 2 dimensions , I can still destroy your precious Enterprise !
Not if I disable your ship first !
Then I'll engage the Genesis device and blow us both out of the sky !
Scotty , I need war speed in three minutes or we're all dead !
Although I somehow feel as though we'll warp away just as Genesis goes off , and that Spock will die at the end ( needs of the many ) !
HAVE YOU EVER FAKED IT DURING SEX COMICS
No !
Have you , Dromiceiomimus ?
Yep .
Yeah . . .
* sigh *
. . . yeah , me too .
fin
COMICS IN WHICH EVERYBODY DIES
a prequel
I say we kill all of them !
Seconded !
MOTION PASSES !
Meeting adjourned !
NEXT : EVERYBODY DIES ! : 0
I demand instant gratification !
SECONDS LATER . . .
I'm not gratified !
Maybe instant gratification isn't -
Dromiceiomimus ! How long have you been standing there ? !
Long enough !
POSTSCRIPT : THE NEXT DAY
I'm T - Rex and I demand instant gratification !
Those were my private thoughts ! She had no right to tell you !
Hah hah hah ! It's good gossip !
Haha , I guess I was being kind of silly !
Listen though , don't tell my mom , okay ?
I've bought myself a new means of transportation !
A bicycle !
Do you want to go on a bike ride , Dromiceiomimus ?
I don't have a bike !
You can watch me !
No thanks !
I'll go on a bike ride with you , T - Rex !
Great !
We can race ! We'll ring our little bells as we zoom by pedestrians , making their hair swoosh in the direction of our travel !
This is once race you're going to lose , T - Rex !
Oh really ? I think you might find you SPOKE too soon , my friend !
That's a bicycle pun , by the way !
( You can use it if you want ! )
I've entered a poetry contest !
I can't lose !
Right , Dromiceiomimus ? I'm a good poet , right ?
Sure ! Although I've not heard much of your poetry !
I can assure you that my poetry is great , unlike our current department of state !
Your poetry sounds a little political , T - Rex !
It's how I express myself !
But is this poetry contest for political poems or for , you know , poems about the sky and how magical it is to wake up in the morning ?
I can do both ! Observe :
I like the flowers and the sky , They light up my spirit and let it fly , They keep my happiness in high supply ,
Unlike our current political leadership !
The End , by T - Rex , ps : my soul is chaos !
Whooo !
Hey there , hot stuff !
Rrrawl !
Ladies , please ! One at a time !
Dromiceiomimus !
Dromiceiomimus , you've got to help me ! I've doused myself in a chemical I discovered that makes me seem irresistible to women ! Only I've become TOO irresistible ! It's out of control !
Sure , I'll help you ! Why don't we start with my helping you out in the ways of . . . PLEASURE ?
Oh no ! It's affected her too !
I'm doomed !
Well , isn't this what you wanted ?
Utahraptor !
You've got to help me , Utahraptor ! I don't know what to do !
Why ? You're living every teenage boy's fantasy !
It's a stupid fantasy ! It doesn't even make sense !
I mean , a chemical that makes me seem irresistible to women ? What is that , reverse alcohol ?
I like to keep my sexual fantasies grounded in good science , thanks !
Spurred by an insatiable need to better myself , I have taken up a new sport !
That sport , my friends , is fisticuffs !
Do you think I would be good at fisticuffs , Dromiceiomimus ?
What is it ?
Boxing ! The word is a seventeenth - century alliteration of 'fisty' ( of the fists ) and 'cuff' !
You haven't thought this through ! You're just interested in fisticuffs because of the name !
So ?
Cheerfully conceded !
Well , you know that you need bigger arms than yours to box with , right ? You need arms like mine !
What are you talking about ? My arms are powerhouses !
VESTIGIAL powerhouses !
My fists are named " Knuckles " and " Chuckles " , for your information !
Spread it around , dig ?
Okay , so here's the plan ! I send cards to all my friends giving them the first clue on a treasure hunt !
Then , they go on the treasure hunt !
Each clue leads them to a further clue in a new location , sending them on an across - town adventure !
The final clue leads them to my house , where they find not only a party with potato chips and barbecued corn , but also the moral that the REAL treasure is friendship !
( I like all my parties to have morals at the end ! )
Oh boy , this treasure hunt which I have just explained in detail including the twist at the end will be great !
Agreed !
And since the Dromiceiomimus and I already know what's going on , we can help ! We should make it a block party , and invite everyone !
Yeah , like in the fifties ! Everybody was neighbourly in the fifties !
And all the men wore hats while the women baked pies ! Sure , we had the stability we craved after the turmoil of WWII , but at what cost ? Repression both sexual and sociological left lasting scars , leading in many ways to the cultural self - doubt of the 60s but who cares , we've got to plan this party !
So , I've laid out all the clues around town and I've got the party and barbeque all set up !
I think we're good to go !
Is everything ready Dromiceiomimus ?
Yep ! I made drinks and set up lawn chairs and even a croquet set !
Excellent ! Nothing could possibly go wrong ! Not even GOD HIMSELF can wreck this party now !
Bad news , T - Rex : we don't have any cups !
The party ! It's ruined !
Wait , did you check the cupboard above the fridge ? I usually keep some cups there .
Oh no , I didn't check in there . Hold on a second .
Yep , here they are !
Ha - ha , super !
For a second there , I thought that GOD HIMSELF had wrecked our party , but nope ! NOT THIS TIME , ladies !
Great party , T - rex ! Hey , do you have any more chips ?
Sorry guys , those were the last !
HEY I BROUGHT SOME POTATO CHIPS , T - REX
God ! You came !
THAT'S RIGHT SORRY I'M LATE BUT THESE ARE SOME GOOD CHIPS
CHICKEN FLAVOUR
Classy ! Glad you could make it !
Who are you talking to , T - rex ?
God ! But it seems that AS USUAL only I can hear him !
SORRY ABOUT THAT BUT I'VE GOT A GREAT JOKE FOR YOU TO TELL
Got any new jokes , T - rex ?
Y - yes ?
THIS'LL BE GREAT TELL HIM A SKELETON WENT INTO A BAR AND ORDERED A BET AND A MOP
Utahraptor , a skeleton went into a bar and ordered a beer and a mop !
To clean up the beer ; yeah , I get it . That's not a very good joke , T - rex !
SORRY IT'S NORMALLY BETTER THAN THAT
I WAS JUST TRYING OUT SOMETHING NEW
Dude , try it out somewhere else !
Yes , my friends , I would have to confess :
Last night was the best party ever !
Wouldn't you agree , Dromiceiomimus ? You seemed to be having a great time at the party last night !
Yes , it was quite a corker !
A " corker " ? What does THAT mean ?
It's old slang ! It means something was really good !
LATER . . .
Hey T - Rex , I left some music at your house !
I know !
I listened to a bit of it : one album was quite the " corker " !
Glad you liked it !
I did ! In fact , I thought ALL the music you brought over were corkers !
Great !
" Corker " means something is really good !
I know !
Hah hah ! Imagine if we were at a vineyard ?
Yesterday was a very special day for many people !
Yesterday was Mother's Day !
Did you give your mom some flowers for Mother's Day , Dromiceiomimus ?
I had some delivered !
Excellent ! And , attached to the flowers , a note ?
You know it , baby !
What about you , T - Rex ? What did you do for YOUR mother ?
Lots !
I got her some seeds ( she likes to garden ) and some chocolate ( she likes chocolate ) and a card I made with a drawing of me hatching from my egg !
Aww ! That's cute !
Yeah , but when you open it , it's actually a robot version of me , and I'm shooting red lasers from my eyes that spell out " HAPPY MOTHERS DAY " !
( Mom said it was " very creative " ! )
You know what's the best thing ever ?
The word " bicurious " !
It's funny when people use it , because how long can you be bicurious ? You don't sit around all day saying , " Hmmm . . . I wonder what will happen ! " - you look it up on the Internet , or you go out , meet someone in the gender you're interested in , and then afterwards roll over and say , " Curiosity satisfied ! "
Then it's high fives all around !
You could say it like , " Curiosity : SATISFIED ! "
Talking up the word bicurious again ?
It's a great word !
For someone who says he isn't " bicurious " you sure spend a lot of time talking about it !
I almost wish I was bicurious , just so I could say , " Curiosity satisfied ! "
I'd say it like ,
" Curiosity . . . SATISFIED ! ! "
" Bicurious " !
Hee hee !
I can't get enough !
The sad thing is that the word is rarely used sincerely anymore - the only place you see it is in those sleazy newspapers with back - page advertisements for " bicurious teens ! " . Bicurious teens don't need to advertise !
Yeah , or like , " single bicurious lesbians " .
Holy shit ! Single bicurious lesbians ! !
Damn it T - Rex , you're obsessed ! You want your " bicuriosity " satisfied ? ! We'll satisfy it right now !
oh hey utahr -
Wh -
Did you just squeeze my bum ?
There ! It's done ! Now you can stop talking about your damn bicuriosity : it's satisfied !
" Bicuriosity : satisfied " ? More like , " Bicuriosity : disappointed by a fumbling and frankly clumsy grope ! "
That's right , my friend !
CLUMSY
AN ADVENTURE THROUGH TIME
Oh boy ! Today is a good day I think for an adventure through time !
So long , Dromiceiomimus ! I'm about to travel back to the age of di - back to long ago !
So long T - Rex ! I hope you don't become your own grandfather !
Ooh , can I come along on the adventure through time ? Please ?
Well . . . okay !
But you have to promise to let ME choose the time period , and you're not allowed to try to set things up so you become king , alright ?
Sure ! Fine !
Cause I read your weblog last week , and you were all , " I want to go back in time and set it up so I become king ! "
Your current mood was 'kingly' !
I thought to myself , " T - Rex , you'd better make a note of this ! "
Who knew that designing a functional time machine was so difficult ?
Not me : that's for darn sure !
Oh , T - Rex ! Back from your adventure through time ?
NO ! It's freaking impossible to build a time machine ! My enthusiasm yesterday was clearly UNWARRANTED .
But T - Rex , you really got my hopes up !
I know and I'm sorry !
But you're the skeptical one ! You should have realized that I couldn't invent a time machine overnight !
I guess I just got swept up in the enthusiasm .
Oh well .
T - REX HAS A MOMENT OF EMPATHY :
[ [ Thinking ] ] Aww !
Alright , so I'd like to build a time machine for Utahraptor so he'll feel better , but building one is clearly way too hard !
Clearly way WAY too hard !
But T - Rex , what if time travel is not just hard , but impossible ? If time travel is possible , where are all the tourists from the future ?
B - busy ?
Maybe they're wearing their invisibility suits !
Or MAYBE all my friends are tourists from the future , sent to observe me !
Good morning , T - Rex !
Good morning ! Say , if you were sent from the future to observe me , you'd let me know , right ?
I wouldn't be allowed to . But , I would get drunk once , and start asking you why it's taking you guys so long to come up with flying cars and robot suits .
Robot suits ?
Yeah , they're like these giant robot suits that you can strap yourself into and - -
You're crazy !
Now this is a story all about how my life got flipped , turned upside down . And I'd like to take a minute - just sit right there -
I'll tell you how I became the prince of a town called B el - Air !
In West Philadelphia , born and raised : on the playground was where I spent most of my days ! Chillinh out , maxin' , relaxing all cool and all shooting some b - ball outside of the school , when a couple of guys ( they were up to no good ) started making trouble in my neighbourhood ! I got in ONE LITTLE FIGHT and my mom got scared , and said
You're moving with your Auntie and Uncle in Bel - Air !
I whistled for a cab and when it came near , the license plate said " fresh " and it had dice in the mirror !
T - Rex ?
ssh !
If anything I could say that this cab was rare , but I thought , " Nah , forget it : yo home , to Bel - Air ! "
You
pulled
up to a house about seven or eight and you yelled to the cabbie , " Yo homes , smell you later ! " ?
Looked at my kingdom , I was finally there , to sit on my throne as the prince of Bel - Air !
. . .
Awesome ! Okay , what was it you wanted to talk about ?
Fares are not guaranteed until paid in full and tickets issued .
Check restrictions : tickets may be non - refundable !
We recommend that sufficient insurance be purchased to cover all of your travel requirements .
Tickets are not transferable . No one else can travel with this ticket .
No refunds are permitted on this fare .
What are you talking about , T - Rex ?
I'm explaining the rules of travel !
Well , the rules of travel for the particular set of tickets I bought . Rerouting is not permitted !
But the number of people who would be interested in this is small , is it not ? Small enough to be limited entirely to yourself ?
You act as if the purpose of my life is to entertain others !
Any changes to dates are subject to availability .
You know what's funny ?
Death !
Hah hah ! Cause you're just walking along , and then it's " whoops ! I'm DEAD ! "
Eh , Dromiceiomimus ?
" whoops ! "
That's not funny , T - Rex ! It's tragic !
What , death ?
Yes , death ! Would you find it so funny if you died ?
Well , my friend : that depends . Did I die in a funny way ? For instance , did I smoke a cigarette , and then my eyes exploded ?
Hah hah ! The dangers of smoking !
Seriously though , you should quit .
What's for dinner tonight , T - Rex ?
Well T - Rex , I don't know !
What would you like , T - Rex ?
I always choose what's for dinner , T - Rex ! You decide tonight .
Hmm . . . in that case , T - Rex , let's have nachos tonight ! It'll be fun !
?
My friend , I'm afraid you've gone insane ! You're coo - coo crazy !
Why's that ?
You're talking to yourself like you are two different people , and it is a societal norm that people who do that are insane .
Don't talk to me about societal norms ! We walk around naked !
Observe !
Okay , so who wants to join my bluegrass band ?
I have decided that I am starting a bluegrass band !
Dromiceiomimus , do you know how to play any bliuegrass instruments ? Do you know how to play the banjo , or fiddle , or a mandola ?
I do not !
Then I am sorry but you cannot be in my bluegrass band !
What is your bluegrass band called and what instrument do you play , T - Rex ?
The band is called " Burned Bluegrass " and I play the lyrics !
You mean you sing the lyrics .
Yes . I will be honest with you : I am new to this " band " thing .
However , I do know what I like ! At present , I like the idea of starting a bluegrass band .
Hah hah ! Who knows what tomorrow will bring ?
I certainly didn't sneak into the Utahraptor's house and eat his food again , that's for darn sure !
Blaming others removes suspicion from myself !
Dromiceiomimus , are those crumbs on your chin ? Did you sneak into the Utahraptor's house and eat his food ?
No and no ! I , unlike YOU , never do stuff like that .
I don't know . . . seems to me like maybe you did !
Stop eating my food , damn it ! You have the ability to go find your own nourishment !
Who , me ?
Yes , you , T - REX . Somebody's eaten my food and whenever that happens it's always you .
I can tell because all the cookies are gone , but you left behind anything with vegetables in it !
Hah hah ! Yep !
DINOSAUR COMICS
Dinosaurs were giant ferocious lizards !
They were a constant threat to everyone around them ! They were known to destroy human property with impunity !
Dinosaurs were also known to destroy human LIFE with impunity !
I notice you're using the past tense !
Yes indeed . I'm experimenting with it .
You're experimenting with using inappropriate verb tenses .
Yes , well - It seemed like a good idea at the time !
Or should I say , it will have been seeming like a good idea at the time ?
Perhaps not !
Hey , I wonder if I got any emails while I was out ?
Oh boy ! Emails !
BACK AT HOME :
What ? No emails ? !
SHORTLY . . .
Dromiceiomimus , how come you never send me any emails ?
I see you in person often enough ! What do you want emails for ?
I want emails !
You'd get more emails if you sent more out !
But I already do !
I sent you four surveys AND an email where if I forwarded it , some charity would get 3 cents AND a list I found of reasons why T - Rexes are better than Utahraptors ( green is the new black ! )
Man , I don't need that sort of stuff in my mailbox ! I meant REAL emails .
Do you mean to imply that T - Rexes are not better than Utahraptors ?
Because if so , I would advise you to check your email !
Hey , I wonder if I got any emails while I was out ?
Oh boy ! Emails !
BACK AT HOME :
What ? No emails ? !
SHORTLY . . .
Dromiceiomimus , how come you never send me any emails ?
I see you in person often enough ! What do you want emails for ?
I want emails !
You'd get more emails if you sent more out !
But I already do !
I sent you four surveys AND an email where if I forwarded it , some charity would get 3 cents AND a list I found of reasons why T - Rexes are better than Utahraptors ( green is the new black ! )
Man , I don't need that sort of stuff in my mailbox ! I meant REAL emails .
Do you mean to imply that T - Rexes are not better than Utahraptors ?
Because if so , I would advise you to check your email !
So the Rajasaurus down the street and I went out for dinner last night . It was great !
It was an oppertunity for me to showcase my sparkling wit !
For Instance : she mentioned how even though she had been raised outside of the Indian subcontinent by non - traditional parents , she still really liked indian food .
I put down my fork and said that was good , since anything she ate would be , by definition , Indian food !
( She's Indian ! )
That's pretty clever , my friend !
I know !
Since she's an Indian dinosaur , she cant help but have anything she eats become Indian food !
That's the joke I made !
Clever !
Thanks !
I mean it , that's really clever !
Hah hah !
Okay !
COMPRESSED ORIGIN STORY COMICS
Today's origin story : SPIDER - MAN
I'm Midtown High's only professional wallflower !
Oh boy , a science demonstration ! What's this , a spider ?
ONE SPIDER BITE LATER . . .
Outta my way , kid ! I'm a thief fleeing from a crime I just committed !
Ha ha , that's OK ! While I HAVE recently gained the proportional speed and strength of a spider , not to mention my keen " spider sense " , from now on I just look out for " Number One " - that means . . . ME !
What's with you , mister ? ! All you hadda do was hold him just for a minute !
Save your breath , buddy !
I've got things to do !
Okay , but with great power comes great responsibility !
Oh , I'm sure I'll learn that in time ! For instance , if that thief went on to kill my Uncle Ben , then that moral would certai -
- would certainly present itself . . .
What's the matter , T - Rex ? You look down !
I'm just fine !
You look a little down !
I said , " I'm fine ! "
LATER . . .
. . . and so the REASON I 'look a little down' is that suddenly everybody's talking about me and acting so concerned for my feelings ! It's unnerving and it makes me mad !
Mad enough to stomp on a house ?
I do that anyway ; you know that !
Hey , I heard you were pissed off !
You heard right , my friend !
Do you want to talk about it ?
Talking about it is what's made me angry !
So , no !
Homecare is when doctors or nurses visit you in your own home !
While some feel this leads to better care and increased comfort for patients . . .
. . . others feel it places an unnecessary strain on our already - burdened hospitals and health care system !
What's your opinion on the issue , T - Rex ?
I have none !
I feel as though I haven't considered enough information in order to form a defensible point of view !
Really ! That's quite restrained of you .
BUT . . . WHAT IF THE T - REX HADN'T BEEN SO RESTRAINED ?
FUCK homecare !
I note that it is certainly windy out today .
Holy cow ! We should go fly kites !
Dromiceiomimus , want to go fly a kite with me ?
I don't have a kite !
We'll make them ! All we need are some sticks , fabric , string , ingenuity !
I have ample kite - making experience !
You do ?
Wow . You know , you never cease to surprise me , my friend . I thought I was breaking new ground by having an interest in kites , but here it turns out you have ample experience !
The interest dates back to my childhood !
I've planted a garden around my house , and it is very pretty !
Best garden ever , if I do say so myself !
Do you have a garden , Dromiceiomimus ?
Yes I do , T - Rex !
Is it nice , Dromiceiomimus ?
It's very nice , thank you , T - Rex !
Glad to hear it , Dromiceiomimus !
There you are ! I need my gardening shovel back .
Aww , you wrecked it !
Wrecked what ?
We were playing a game ! You were SUPPOSED to say my name at the end of each sentence .
That's a stupid game .
Two days later , I would come to realise the truth of his words .
!
" L'esprit d'escalier " means , literally , " the wit of the staircase " !
( It's French ! )
It refers to when you think of a witty comeback too late , and you've already left the room !
Of course , this idea is largely alien to ME , as I'm never at a loss for a witty riposte !
However , it seems for others , thinking of the perfect comeback hours , or even days later , is a more - than - rare occurrence .
You've got a pretty high opinion of your wit , T - Rex !
As usual !
Yes , as usual . What if I made a stinging insult in your direction - would you be able to come up with the perfect rejoinder ?
I would !
Well then , how are you going to answer . . . THIS !
SHORTLY
Good one !
Thanks !
T - REX IN : " A CONTRACT WITH GOD "
T - REX LET'S MAKE A DEAL
Sure thing , dude !
OKAY SO HERE'S THE DEAL
BUILD ME A TEMPLE
Oh - kay !
LATER . . .
Damn it , it's too hard to find temple building materials !
What ?
Ah , forget it ! I was going to build a temple for God , but it's too hard . I will simply VIOLATE our VERBAL CONTRACT .
I have no idea what you're talking about !
I HEARD THAT YOU KNOW
Whoops !
I had some companions over to my house last night and gave them a tour ! It was a smashing success , except for one thing :
Some of them thought that my rooms " lacked identity " !
When I ( politely ) pressed them to explain , they said that while the rooms were decorated nicely , they were decorated generically and little to off that was unique to me .
How did this make you feel ?
A little miffed , a little peeved : a little upset !
Well , what do your rooms look like ?
You haven't seen them ?
No : you haven't invited me over since you got your new place .
Well , do you want to come over now ?
To see generic rooms ? No thanks !
BACK AT HOME . . .
I like the white !
COMICS WITH NON - TWIST ENDINGS
I declare this to be " stomp on houses " day !
LATER :
Whoooo !
THE END
COMICS WITH TWISTS AND TURNS !
Hey T - Rex !
Hey there !
Listen , I was wondering if you -
HOLD ON TIGHT !
Um , listen , I -
SUDDENLY !
. . . so , um , I was wondering if -
JUST THEN !
THE END !
I can't hear you !
I have been wondering what it would be like if people could " save " and " restore " their life , just like in a computer game .
Things would be different !
I predict every guy would , when he has his first sweetie break up with him , spend YEARS restoring to an earlier point , trying to find a way to get it to work !
Additionally , I would use this power to save my game , tell people off , then restore !
The only problem is everyone would always ( eventually ) have the perfect comeback !
But we'd be stuck in a certain time period , because people would never die !
Sure they would !
You know how sometimes you save at a bad point and it's half a second before you're going to die , and you keep restoring , but there's nothing you can do ?
Sure . . .
Well , I guess you could just restore to an earlier save point .
I have failed to prove my point !
Okay - um , okay !
" I - I've been awakened by nuclear testing ! " um
" Rawr ! "
" Oh boy , I see in the distance a villag - CITY that I can destroy ! "
" Look out humanity ! For I embody . . . um . . .
Post - war nuclear paranoia !
Right , right ! " LOOK OUT , humanity ! I embody post - war nuclear paranoia ! "
Was that okay ?
Cut ! Cut , cut , cut !
What ? That was perfect !
It was awful ! Look , I know you're trying your best , and your my friend , T - Rex , but you didn't even memorize your lines !
I did !
You didn't ! Look , it's my movie , and I'm going to put the Dromiceiomimus in the lead .
WHAT
A CASE OF CUTTLEFISH
I believe I shall take a brief repose to calm my agitated nerves !
Ah , 'tis something soothing to discover yourself engaged in something you very much enjoy .
Stomping for me is one such pass - time !
Good sir ! I pray that you stop !
What knavery ?
I ask only for your attention , for my sister is deathly ill with the cholera !
Why , we dined together just a fortnight ago , did we not ?
I remember it well ; I had a disappointing dish of cuttlefish .
Do you not recall how I remarked on my disappointment ?
T - REX IN : " THE LIFE - SIZED CARDBOARD CUTOUT "
It's the perfect plan !
And so simple !
whenever I don't want to face my problems , I'll send , in my stead , a cardboard cutout of myself !
Ideally , he'll have an intense , yet thoughtful expression on his face . People will say , " Oh , I'd better just leave T - Rex alone : he's intense yet thoughtful ! "
And you believe people will fall for this , no doubt !
I do !
LATER :
Oh , that's clearly a cardboard cutout .
LATER :
See , that's clearly you standing very still as IF you were a cardboard cutout .
[ [ thinking ] ] just a little closer . . .
" CREDIT CARD FRAUD "
Credit card fraud is a growing problem in today's society !
I believe the fault of this lies in the inherent design flaws of the credit card system . If I give a credit card to someone , that should authorize one purchase , for a specific amount , at that specific time ! Instead , knowing someone's credit card information allows you to make charges to it for any amount , at any time , all over the world !
This certainly is a lot of talk about credit cards ! Aren't there any more pressing issues , T - Rex ?
Like what ?
Oh , like , I don't know . . . WORLD HUNGER ?
But I don't know how to solve that problem ! I do have opinions about the broken credit card infrastructure , however .
It's my blessing and my curse !
" DINOSAUR COMICS " by Morley Callaghan .
It is true that as a dinosaur , the T - Rex should have been inclined toward gnashing his ferocious jaws and making claws of his little hands , but he had been stomping on things for so long that no one remembered a time when he had gnashed instead of stomped .
Inside , he wanted to gnash , but he doubted himself . He knew that he could stomp . He was not sure he could gnash .
" DINOSAUR COMICS " by Robert Service .
Well it was long ago , on some grim plateau , When this story first was told , About a land in fear made more severe By a terrible threat of old .
And though the men were brave , the risks were grave In these misty days of yore ; None could ever be safe , in this ancient place , From the threat of Dinosaur .
Now the dinosaurs had their fearsome roars , But they had their friendships , too ; And while they stalked they often talked , And debated what was true .
" DINOSAUR COMICS " by Kurt Vonnegut .
Dinosaurs were giant reptiles that lived long ago . They looked like this :
THINGS IT IS COOL TO DO
Two chicks at once !
Hah hah ! Awesome !
Dromiceiomimus , do you think it's cool to do two chicks at once ?
I object to the word " Chicks " ! Change it to " women " .
Okay , it's cool to do two women at once !
I object to the fact that this includes chicks , but excludes dudes !
FINE .
It's cool to do two non - gender - identified people at once .
That's super cool !
Then we're agreed !
LATER :
Hey ladies !
Historically speaking , all I know are broad stereotypes ! For instance , most people in the Middle Ages all wore dumpy clothes and spent all day hoeing .
Now , I know that can't be accurate !
What I need is some cultural context , but it seems like most of that is lost . What was it like living as a teenager 40 years ago ? I have no idea ! And anyone who did know has now grown up , so they don't REALLY know either , on account of memories altering over time .
So much information is lost !
It's the beauty of life , T - Rex ! You can't really know anyone , even in the present , except for yourself !
And that's beautiful ?
Well , it might as well be , since it's all we've got .
Hmm , I guess this is why people keep diaries : to fight against this inexorable loss !
Too bad they lose !
T - REX IN : MARY SUE COMICS
I have finally completed my theory of everything , toiling in selfless , unappreciated obscurity .
Surely a little recognition is more than I could ever hope for !
T - Rex , I read your brilliant theory ! It puts every other scientist to shame - indeed , all of dinokind !
Thank you ! I did only what came naturally to me .
You are so wise and modest , T - Rex ! I hope I can be your friend forever .
I'm the one who's been working against you in the faculty ! Please accept my apologies , T - Rex !
I see now that I've been petty and unfair and all I really wanted was to have a little of your attention . Can you ever forgive me and let me admire you from a distance ?
Well . . . OK ! Let's hug !
A LITTLE SOMETHING JUST FOR YOU T - REX
A Nobel Prize ! You shouldn't have !
I finally figured out how to gain the upper hand on that stupid utahraptor . I will adopt for my own the philosophy of pragmatism .
From now on , I'll be sticking to things that WORK !
For instance , some might say that the destruction of this log cabin violates fundamental principles . But if I were to show that it is a necessary means to a noble end , such arguments are revealed to be petty and ideological !
Pragmatism !
But you didn't . . . oh well , too late .
Similarly -
T - Rex , stop ! you cannot invoke pragmatism itself as an argument !
Any pragmatic view must still be rooted in an idea of what's good and desirable . Stating what does and does not " work " is not a moral and philosophical passkey !
According to your fancy logic , perhaps , but I happen to live in the REAL world .
Oh , I see . " Questioning everyone's motives but your own " mode today , huh ?
You're just jealous because you didn't think of it first !
BASED ON A TRUE STORY !
Disastrous events seem less horrible when they happen : a ) As part of an ongoing process over time . . .
b ) To people we do not usually identify with , and . . .
c ) Far away !
That's why we are shocked and horrified by a shoot - out at the local cafeteria , but barely bat an eyelid when we read in the paper that 20 , 000 Bangladeshi have drowned in the Pacific . It's just the way of things !
That's silly ! Bangladesh isn't even on the shores of the Pacific .
Um , that's right . I was thinking of something else .
Morbidly funny image , though - makes you wonder what they were all doing there .
Yeah ! See ?
It's funny because it's far away !
Today is a good day I think for stomp , stomp , stomp , stomp , stomp and eggs .
Minus the eggs !
Lovely stomp , wonderful stomp ! Little house , how would you like a moderate dose of stompage today ?
Don't mention it !
Some time later . . .
Stomp ! Stomp !
T - Rex ! Exciting news !
My uncle left me this treasure map which shows the location of buried doubloons in relation to several carefully placed log cabins !
Let's go look for them !
Those pirates should have used more permanent structures for reference !
Like TREES !
VAGUELY SELF - REFERENTIAL AND DERIVATIVE COMICS
I had the most disturbing thought today . . .
By being true to yourself , you are forever derivative !
Novice artists spend years looking for their " own voice " only to find they've painted themselves into a corner or waited for a bus that never comes ! And what of myself ? Do I stomp tis house because I want to , or because I can't think of anything else ?
There ! I did it again .
To be free we must give ourselves up to being totally protean and chameleonic !
Sigh .
You're assuming that no voice is better than another . But it's perfectly natural to seek variety of expression within a set format , in the arts as well as in life and society !
The totally unpredictable is also void of interest !
Oh yeah ?
Maybe I'll expect a new format of rebuttal from you next time !
A BRIEF HISTORY OF CHARLES BABBAGE AND HIS WONDERFUL CALCULATING ENGINES COMICS
Charles Babbage spent a lot of his time working on mechanical calculating engines !
These were machines that could add and subtract , and later multiply and divide ( through repeated addition and subtraction ) , forecasting in many ways the design of modern - day computers !
Unfortunately the machines , with thousands of tiny gears and cogs , were too complex , beyond his means to fully manufacture at the time ( early 1800s ) .
While some see Babbage as the father of modern computers , he had little actual influence !
Yes , quite right !
This is because many of the innovations in his Analytical Engine , such as conditional branching and a separation of processing and memory , were left to be re - discovered by a new generation of pioneers !
Indeed !
This concludes the brief history of Charles Babbage and his wonderful calculating engines !
It's time to make some changes around here ! Some things have been allowed to slide for too long !
T - REX IN : " IT'S TIME TO MAKE SOME CHANGES AROUND HERE "
But rather than point out the failings of others , I will first endeavour to improve myself !
A WEEK LATER . . .
Hey ! Where have you been all week ?
Off improving myself !
Really ! So I'm talking to the new improved T - Rex ?
Yep ! Ask me anything .
Y - You don't -
Self improvement isn't a trivia context , T - Rex !
WHAT IF . . . SELF IMPROVEMENT REALLY WAS A TRIVIA CONTEST ?
Brussels !
Incorrect !
This contest doesn't even make sense in the first place .
Sexual ambiguity !
What's it all about ?
I mean -
Am I right ?
You seem a little less persuasive than usual !
Hmm !
Perhaps it's because instead of arguing a point , you're just asking us if you're right ?
Well - come on !
SEXUAL ambiguity !
What's it all about ?
T - REX IT'S BEEN A WHILE
God ! How's it going ?
OH YOU KNOW SAME OLD SAME OLD
Good to hear it !
YEA IT LOOKS LIKE THINGS ARE OK WITH YOU TOO
Yep ! Things are pretty okay ! So , um , any particular reason why we're talking ?
YOU KNOW JUST CHECKING IN WITH MY MAIN MAN
Somebody stole my bike , T - Rex !
Oh no !
DON'T WORRY GUYS I'M ON THE CASE
Don't worry ! God and I will help you look for your bike !
Well , with God on the case , it will be returned for sure ! One giant hand reaching down from the sky , with bike , coming up !
TELL HIM I DON'T DO THAT ANYMORE
He doesn't do that anymore !
MY HAND GETS SORE
I have an idea for the ULTIMATE disaster movie : basically , what happens is the Earth stops dead in its orbit one day , and everybody flies into a wall !
( Or , if they're outside , into the sky ! )
Hah hah !
Best movie ever !
So It'd be told in a series of shorts : each short starts a little before everybody flies into a wall , and ends with everybody flying into a wall .
It would be SO GOOD ! You start out small : regular people , a fat guy at a buffet , building up to a parking lot full of cars tumbling into the sky , the star quarterback kicking the ball and then he , and everybody else in the game , flying up after it .
Your movie sounds awesome !
I know !
But wouldn't it get a little repetitive ?
No way ! The viewers would know what's going on after the first few shorts , so you play off those expectations . Like , there's this shot of a really elaborate wedding , and the audience is all , " Oh man , all those people are going to fly into a wall SO HARD ! "
And ?
And then we cut to years afterwards , when they're old and stooped , holding hands out on the porch , and THEN the Earth stops in its orbit and they fly off together into the sky !
Hah hah ! Two tickets , please !
I submit that there are a finite number of songs ! Therefore , the art of writing music is the art of exploring a closed space of possibility .
Consider the following !
There are effective limits on what constitutes music . If we take a week as a very generous upper - bound on the length of one song , then we have a temporal limit . Furthermore , since our ears are not able to distinguish between very similar tones , we do not have a continuum of notes , but rather , a finite set . Therefore , there are only so many songs that can be written !
I am forced to disagree with you , my friend !
Surely not !
I think that you're omitting many dimensions of song . What about the way it's played , the lyrics ? These too can be varied almost indefinitely .
Almost , but there are still effective limits , therefore : finite number of songs !
SHOCK ENDING :
Or are there ?
T - REX AS : " THE COMPUTER SCIENTIST'
Computers store information in binary code , which is a series of 1s and 0s !
In fact , ALL information in a computer - text , video , sound , even PORNOGRAPHIC IMAGES - are stores in the same fashion , as 1s and 0s . Here's the interesting part :
Any series of 1s and 0s can be converted ( quite easily ) into a regular number ! So , for instance , your favorite song is contained - quite literally - in one single , 4 million digit number .
So copyright las is in a state of self - contradiction !
Quit right !
You can't copyright a fact ( like a number ) , but you can copyright a creative work , like a song or a piece of software . But since one can be transformed into another , copueight law is logically INCOHERENT .
That's really cool !
I know !
But , being really cool IS one of the perks of being a computer scientist !
T - REX AS : " THE COMPUTER SCIENTIST "
part 2
Okay , so we covered how everything in a computer is stored in binary code !
And we covered how any series of binary digits ( called bits ) can be transformed into a number . But these numbers are really large ! They take a long time to send to someone . Luckily , it's possible to send any number , and therefore any file of ANY size , using only two
single
bits .
Sure , all you need are sychronized timers ! Send one bit to say 'start counting' and a second to say 'stop ! '
What ?
Yeah ! Then all you have to do is count the amount of time between when you got the 'start' and 'end' bits , and that's your number ! Transform it into binary code , and you've got your file !
Well - yeah !
Ha ha , I knew it ! I am the smartest dude !
Yeah , but there's more to being smart than knowing compression schemes !
No there's not !
T - REX IN : " MOVIE ETIQUETTE . "
Okay , so I can accept that nobody applauds at the end of a film anymore .
( Even though it is the classy thing to do ! )
But what is up with the staff coming in to clean up before the credits are even half over ? That's just rude !
You're a dying breed , my friend ! There are only a few credit watchers left !
Yeah , why do you watch the credits ?
I like them !
It gives me time to think about the movie I just saw .
Man , I hate to stay for the credits !
This is why we can't see movies together !
T - REX FROM THE FUTURE TRAVELS BACK IN TIME TO THIS EXACT MOMENT
This is why we can't see movies together !
HEY !
Stay away from women named " Susan " !
I like my women like I like my cars !
Expensive !
I like my women like I like my cars !
Foreign ?
Good one ! Um . . .
Fast ?
Low - maintenance ?
Freshly waxed , with a GPS tracking system ?
T - Rex , this is insanely sexist !
hee hee !
Besides , I like my women like I like my databases !
Manageable ?
Corrupted ?
Eww !
A MORAL ALLEGORY
T - oh my gosh !
I've lost my voice !
This is a disaster ! Dromiceiomimus , you have to help me !
Ha ha , nope ! Maybe this will let US get a word in edgewise !
I let you guys talk ! I am always interested in what you have to say !
LATER . . .
I heard you lost your voice !
It's back !
And , I've learned my lesson : always listen to others !
THE END
JUST IN CASE :
I represented vanity !
I've never seen the world , but that's going to change . . .
. . . today !
Dromiceiomimus , I am going to go on a trip around the world . Would you like to be my " travelling companion " ?
Sure ! Although , the emphasis you placed on " travelling companion " does fill me with some suspicion .
Ha ha ! Little does she know !
Little does who know what ?
Little does the Dromiceiomimus know that I intend to show her the great vistas of the world , and by doing so , make her fall in love with me !
Ah , the old " culture by association " trick !
Wait -
It's been done before ?
The other day I heard a math joke that I just had to share ! So there's this party , right ?
A party of functions !
All of the functions are there : e ^ x , ( pi ) r ^ 2 , i ^ 2 , even some old - school guys like abs ( x ) . Anyway , poor e ^ x is alone in a corner , acting all morose . His good friend 2 ^ x comes over and says , " What's the problem ? Come on , integrate yourself into the party ! " And e ^ x looks at him and he says , " Why ? It's not going to make a difference ! "
Hah hah !
Oh boy , are we telling math jokes ?
We are !
I didn't know you liked math jokes !
Oh , eigenvouch that I do !
BOO !
Ha ha ! You know , some people say pi r squared , but I know they're round !
That's it !
Friendship annulled ! !
YOU ARE GREAT
a web card
Dear recipient of this comic :
Whoever sent this to you thinks you are great !
Let's assume this person is a guy . Boy , does he ever like you ! He likes you so much he lets someone else do his writing for him and uses pre - packaged sentimen -
- But that's not the point .
The point is , this card is to tell you that you are great .
Wait , what were you saying about pre - packaged sentiment ?
Nothing !
Were you perhaps implying that the emotions of someone who feels he can't properly express them are somehow less valid than those of someone who can ?
Nope !
Well , good ! Cause that's wrong !
THE END :
Dear recipient of this comic , whoever sent this to you thinks you are great !
" Life is a neoclassical pastiche " !
This is gold !
Dromiceiomimus , would you agree that life is a neoclassical pastiche ?
I would not , as I think you couldn't even define what a neoclassical pastiche is , my friend .
Well , Dromiceiomimus , I think it's pretty clear .
Ah , yes indeed ! Life is a neoclassical pastiche , and I , a great philosopher .
No you're not !
And you should stop saying that , because saying life is a neoclassical pastiche is ridiculous , and nobody agrees with you .
Oh yeah ? Let's put it to the public , shall we ?
Fine ! Let's do it right now !
Excuse me ! Everybody ? Would you say it's true that life is a neoclassical pastiche ?
Somebody say yes !
COMPRESSED NOVEL COMICS
today's book : LOLITA by Vladimir Nabokov
Lolita , light of my life ! Fire of my loins ! My sin , my soul !
Ha ha , so seriously , I have a thing for 12 - year - old girls . I'm ashamed of it , and yet -
- and yet , I certainly enjoy marrying widows in order to gain access to their pubescent daughters !
What you're doing is wrong !
Oh , but I love her , my Lolita !
I love her SO MUCH that I never let her out of my sight and try to keep her locked in the house as much as possible ! AND , I deny her her allowance if she , in her childish way , won't give me certain favours . My love for her is THAT POWERFUL .
Makes sense .
LATER :
She ran away ? !
Another beautiful day : such nice sun , a fresh scent in the air , and I'm out for a walk !
Yes indeed , it's good to be young !
Hmm , but would it be better to be both young and in love .
* sigh *
Life is beautiful but sad sometimes !
Maybe you should write something about it !
Sometimes writing lets you explore your feelings better .
" Explore your feelings " ? Shuck that jive , man ! Feelings are for sissies and the elderly !
Whom , it's worth noting , I respect !
HOW TO ATTRACT WOMEN
Attracting women is easy !
Personally , I rely on my rugged physique and piercing orange eyes ( in which , because they are so deep and soulful , one feels they could drown ) , coupled with my delightful conversational skills and coquettish flair !
This is not much help to people who do not have such coquettish flair !
True !
In that case , I would advise them to meet women on the Internet .
That's your advice . " How to meet women : use the Internet . "
Yes !
If you don't have the Internet , put up flyers around town !
This weekend , I go on a trip ! I trip DOWN SOUTH .
Another friend of mine is getting married !
This will be my first heterosexual wedding . I'm excited ! I got a nice card and everything !
The only thing I'm worried about is the dancing . I have such big , manly feet that sometimes they get in the way !
I can teach you how to dance !
Oh , would you ?
Shortly :
You're getting better !
Whoo !
Thanks !
Now all the pretty girls will want to dance with me for sure !
Oh man . . . best wedding ever !
And with my new dance moves , I " tore up the dance floor " !
Are you sure it wasn't just a confidence thing ? A sort of " the new dance moves were in you all along " thing ?
I was - until you asked ! Hmmm . . .
So , T - Rex ! How did it go ?
It went fine !
But I'm beginning to suspect that the dance moves were in me all along !
No , that's wrong . I taught you the dance moves .
Are you sure ? Cause I sure felt like I was the King of the Dance that night !
To clarify , I meant to imply that the King of the Dance was self - taught !
I should have mentioned that sooner ; otherwise , my statement makes less sense .
HEY T - REX THE NEXT TIME SOMEBODY ASKS YOU FOR ID YOU SHOULD PULL DOWN YOUR PANTS AND SAY THIS IS ALL THE ID I NEED
Genius ; only I don't wear pants !
You know that , God .
OKAY WELL IF YOU WORE PANTS IT WOULD WORK REALLY WELL ON ALL SORTS OF THINGS
THIS IS ALL THE THESIS DEFENSE I NEED
THIS IS ALL THE BIKE HELMET I NEED
THAT SORT OF THING
OH MAN
I CRACK MYSELF UP SOMETIMES
Listen , God -
T - Rex ?
Utahraptor , am I glad to see you ! Listen can you explain to God that His joke would be funny if we wore pants , but we don't wear pants , so He can stop talking about it ?
I'd like to , but I don't believe in your God ! I think he's all in your head .
Well ? !
HUH
Yes indeed ! If I were the last man on Earth . . .
. . . things would be different !
Hi , I'm the last man on Earth !
My , my ! Hello !
Would you say you and your girlfriends find that . . . attractive ?
Daydreaming again , I see !
Aww , why'd you do that ? I was imagining I was the last man on Earth !
And no doubt turning what's clearly a global disaster into a chance for sex with multiple partners !
Heh . Well , you know me !
Always up to my old tricks !
It's a real shame that all those great careers I wanted as a child will probably never come true for me . I'll never get to be an austronaut , a race car driver , or a movie star !
It's a sad realization - I always sort of hoped such a job would just . . . fall into my lap !
Have you ever imagined what it would be like if you WERE a movie star , T - Rex ?
Sometimes ! But I don't have a very good imagination for that sort of thing . What would I be , a romantic lead ?
Mostly I just insert myself into the commercials of my youth .
OIL OF OLAY
Don't I know you from somewhere ?
Oh , that's original !
Emerson High , 1975 : you were in my class .
I was your teachah !
Mrs Fitzherny ? !
Bugsy . . . Brown
SOCIAL RUIN COMICS
I am sick of cold , emotionally distant women !
That is : in theory !
In practice , I guess I would need more experience with women , emotionally distant or otherwise .
What , are you talking about me ? You're saying I'm emotionally distant !
No !
Well , who are you talking about then , T - Rex ?
Just - you know , in general ! I wasn't talking about anyone in particular .
Yeah , but you were complaining about ex - girlfriends in front of a woman whom you've dated in the past ! That's not exactly a recipe for social harmony .
Hi , Megan !
T - REX IN : " PRESENTISM "
Presentism is when you interpret the historical past with a view from the present !
Its danger is not just that it is often self - congratulatory , but also that judging historical figures by present - day moral standards is likely not a fruitful line of inquiry . What we see as questionable ( say , sexism ! ) would have seemed completely routine to someone brought up in such a time , and we can't really blame historical figures , I think , for not questioning it !
This seems awfully close to ethical relativism !
Huh ?
Well , aren't you saying we can't judge historical figures in a modern context , because they lived their lives during different times ? But then what's the point of having our advanced modern ideals , if we can't apply them ? I think we SHOULD be able to judge historical figures !
Anyway ! In conclusion , presentism has good points and bad points and is not as interesting as I thought it was !
T - REX IN " FUTURISTS "
Stupid futurists !
They think they're so great just because they talk about the future all day long . Ooh , look at me ! I think that the future will have Internet robot nano - maids ! Put me on the news ! " Anyone can call themselves a futurist : it doesn't mean anything !
Argh ! I even hate the TERM " futurist " !
You , ah - you seem a little more vehement than usual , T - Rex !
They pus my buttons , is all !
I think it's because most of the predictions are either really dumb or blindingly obvious .
Sounds like you already have your own idea of what the future will be like !
Yeah . . . full of Internet robot nano - maids !
HISTORIOGRAPHY COMICS featuring " Good Ol' T - Rex "
Historiography is the history of history , and includes the study of how history is understood !
We tend to think that history is just a record of what goes on in the past , but this overlooks the fact that two different people can view the same event , and even the same series of events , differently .
For instance ! Is history the story of progress , from savage to cultured Man ? Is it rather the study of Great Men and their Characters ? Perhaps it is the story of cultural challenge and response !
What's with the sexist language , T - Rex ? You're all " great MEN , cultured MEN " !
Sorry !
Most of these theories of history are over 50 years old , and reflect the sexism in the language at the time .
Well , if I were a woman , I think I'd be a little offended
I had to be careful not to let him know I'd considered this situation before .
Ha ha !
H - how do you mean ?
So - wait . What am I out for ? I remember meaning to pick something up , but now I can't remember what !
Was it batteries , maybe ?
Why am I here ?
Well T - Rex , I think you're here - as I think we're all here - in order to make the world a better place . That is the purpose of life , I believe !
I actually meant my question in the most basic sense , but I want to appear deep . I'd better act angsty and play along .
Oh , my existential angst ! Is there no happiness without knowledge of purpose ?
Hey , I'm happy !
This is because I believe we're here in order to be witness to Creation . What greater purpose could there be , than to be the eyes and ears and souls of a Universe ?
Ha ha , yeah , that sounds good !
So - heck . Batteries ?
IT'S A PARTY IN THIS COMIC AND EVERYONE'S INVITED
Whoo ! ! Does anybody here like to party ?
Does anybody here like to STOMP on HOUSES ? !
If so , then I propose you join my party , featuring T - Rex ! Whoo !
Stomping on houses !
Extreme ! !
You're a one - man party , my friend !
As usual !
But do you think you could take the party DOWN a notch ?
Nope ! My parties only ever go UP notches ! They go all the way to the top ! Extreme !
EXTREME ! !
So , I accept that I am the epitome of the male form with typical grace . But what is with my getting a sunburn ?
Huh ?
Clearly , my body is UNDEREVOLVED . Being able to be burnt by the sun - which , I don't have to remind you , Dromiceiomimus , shines on the Earth EVERY DAY - seems to be a pretty big limitation !
Does that mean your body is . . . less than perfect ?
My brain rejects that sentence as semantically invalid !
What if there was someone exactly like you in every way , only HE didn't get sunburns ?
Oh no !
I would be doomed to being a second - tier character in my own life ! No one ( including myself ) would care what I was up to , when there was someone exactly like me only he didn't get sunburns !
Well , let's be glad no such person exists then !
ACTUALLY I THINK THERE'S A DUDE LIKE THAT JUST DOWN THE STREET
Aw boo !
My favourite cross - cutting technique of all time ?
Why , the circle wipe !
I can't get enough ! All you have to do for comedic gold is have someone say " Boy , I sure hope < x > doesn't happen to me ! "
Then we have a circle wipe to 8 hours later , and < x > has happened to them anyway ! Ho ho ! Whoops !
Hey T - Rex , what's your favourite cross - cutting technique of all time ?
G -
I was just talking about my favourite cross - cutting technique of all time . ALREADY .
Well , how -
ALREADY I had covered that material .
ALREADY .
Hm . . . maybe social relationships would be much easier if everyone said exactly what they were thinking !
This gives me an idea ! My idea is what I was just talking about !
Oh boy ! You've justifies being uncouth ! Who cares about the past 1000 years of evolving social graces ?
Sarcasm !
I think she's got a point , T - Rex !
You know , I figured you would !
Too often we support something just because it's new , and forget that if an idea or process been around for a long time , that's usually - but not always , granted - because it has something to offer .
Oh yeah ? Well , I think that maybe your MOM has something to offer !
How is she , by the way ?
Fine !
That's cool !
I was down at the beach last week and there were all these adorable little hermit crabs running around ! They were so cute that I scooped up a bunch and brought them home !
They were my new pets !
But then after a while I got tired of my new pets so I gobbled them up !
Tra la la !
You didn't really eat them , did you ? !
I gobbled them up !
T - Rex , they're hermit crabs ! HERMIT crabs ! They live in whatever vessel they can find , and if you eat them , they'll take over your body as their new home ! !
NO WE DIDN'T
hee hee hee hee
{ { sad face } } Groggy
Cibo Matto - Birthday Cake
Sry people for not updateing lately ! ! !
I haven't updated in awhile , mainly because my puter has been annoyingly slow . I need to ask my 'rents to buy me a new one !
neway not much is new with me . . . . i really need to go out more . . . worried i might be in a rut . . .
* hugses *
* big big hugs * THANK YOU ! ! ! ! ! : )
Hey no problem . I actually meant it to be anonymous but I click too fast and didn't actually click the box I thought I did . Oh well .
I sometimes make that mistake too .
FATALISM COMICS
Fatalism is when - ah , screw it !
I'm sure if you were meant to know about fatalism , you'd find out about it eventually . In any case , fatalism is the belief that future events are predetermined for the whole of time and are entirely unalterable !
You just defined fatalism . . . despite your best efforts not to !
Oh my God !
It was FATE ! I was destined to define fatalism as the belief that future events are predetermined for the whole of time , and are entirely unalterable !
You just did it again ! !
OH MY GOSH ! Is this my role in life ? Am I to be forever DEFINING FATALISM ?
PROBABLY NOT
Looks like nope !
WHAT IF . . . DINOSAURS HAD NEVER GONE EXTINCT ?
I feel about the same .
Me too !
" WHAT IF . . . " COMICS
WHAT IF . . . T - REX WERE VERY VERY TINY ?
Luckily , everything else in the universe has shrunk to the same scale !
Yes , from any given perspective there is no change !
CRAZY
WHAT IF . . . THE TINY WOMAN WAS ACTUALLY A TRANSGENDERED MALE ?
T - Rex ! Don't stomp on her !
good pronoun use !
WHAT IF . . . T - REX HAD SUCCEEDED IN BUILDING HIS TIME MACHINE ?
Well , I guess I'll talk to you yesterday ! See you . . . SOONER ?
You keep going back one day to tell me that stupid pun , but I'm never going to laugh !
WHAT IF . . . THE FANTASTIC FOUR HAD LOST THE TRIAL OF GALACTUS ?
My comic has a slightly different ending . . . ? !
I have written the spookiest ghost story ever ! It is called , " The Man Who Died And Came Back As A Ghost " .
It's spooky ! It says so in the first sentence !
It says , " It was spooky night , with a ghost ! The ghost was the spookiest ghost in the world , and he was so spooky that if you saw him you'd be scared , for real ! "
The , um
The next paragraph is " BOO ! "
T - Rex , you have to make your readers feel scared ! You just can't tell them they're scared .
Sure I can !
" The ghost explains that even if you were just reading about these events later , you'd still be scared . You realize with a chill that he is right . "
It's a " Choose Your Own Adventure " book ?
It is now ! It is if that's the format I have to use to tell my readers that they're scared !
LATER T - REX GIVES A READING OF HIS NEW BOOK :
Turn to page 32 to be spooked by the spooky ghost ! Turn to page 14 if you'd rather see the same ghost and be TERRIFIED !
COMPRESSED FILM COMICS today's film :
I'm Bill S . Preston !
BILL AND TED'S EXCELLENT ADVENTURE
Esquire !
GREECE , 405 BC
Thanks to Rufus' excellent time - travelling telephone booth , we can travel to any time period ! Thus , Ted and I are gathering some ancient history dudes so that we don't fail on our MOST BOGUS history report !
Whoah - historical BABES !
FRANCE , 1802
We are in danger of flunking most heinously tomorrow , Bill !
THE OLD WEST
Party on , Bill !
Party on , Ted !
WYLD STALLYNS !
Be excellent to each other !
T - REX AND HIS WACKY DINOSAUR FRIENDS
Time to visit all my wacky friends !
SOON :
Oh hey , Dromiceiomimus , my wackiest of wacky friends ! What are you up to ? Some crazy scheme , no doubt !
I'm selling unwanted possessions on eBay !
Ha ha ! That's WACKY .
T - Rex ! !
Utahraptor !
YOU , I think , are surely my wackiest of friends ! What news ?
The school is burning down ! Quick , we need your help to fight the fire !
Certainly ! But I warn you : a school burning down ?
Pretty wacky !
T - REX YOUR FRIENDS SURE ARE CRAZY EH
Huh ? God , my friends aren't crazy . Crazy's insane . My friends are WACKY .
Wacky .
THEY " RE PRETTY CRAZY
Probably not , cause they're wacky !
LOOK IN A LITTLE BIT THE UTAHRAPTOR IS GOING TO ASK YOU AN UNNECESSARY FAVOR AND IT WOULD BE COOL IF YOU SAID YES
Why ? Lets get this crazy / wacky issue settled first .
SERIOUSLY MAN JUST DO IT AND I PROMISE I'LL YOU A COSMIC TRUTH AFTERWARDS
God ! FINE .
Hey , T - Rex , I've a favor to ask ! Can you tell me when seven minutes have passed ?
" Okay ! "
SEVEN MINUTES LATER :
Seven minutes have passed .
Good ! My Kraft Dinner is ready !
You could have timed this yourself ! I guess this is kind of an unnecessary favor .
HA HA T - REX YOU SURE HAVE SOME CRAZY FRIENDS
No I don't !
I'm going to write a great novel ! It will be about one man's struggle to make a life for himself in the modern world , and it will be wonderful . He will achieve all he desires , and be at the peak of his career !
And then , in the last sentence , a filing cabinet says " You're fired , and I can talk ! "
Hah hah ! Best ending ever !
Why ?
Didn't you hear the ending ? A talking filing cabinet ? " You're fired , and I can talk ! " ?
Hee hee !
It seems like a really crappy ending to me !
No !
It RECONTEXTUALIZES the book . People will be like , " I thought this book was transcendental until that last sentence when the talking filing cabinet showed up ! "
Is it a metaphor ?
Nope ! It's just a talking filing cabinet that undermines the whole book .
I will call the book , " An Unexpected Ending " .
Are you there , God ? It's me , -
YO RIGHT HERE
WHAT'S GOING ON T - REX
You know , not much !
I was just wondering if you'd heard any good jokes lately .
MAN NOPE CAN'T SAY THAT I HAVE
Really ? You haven't heard ONE good joke ?
Maybe even a joke that was just alright ?
T - Rex ?
Who were you talking to , just now ?
Oh , I was just chatting up God to see if He had any good jokes - but no dice !
I'm not sure we'd even be able to UNDERSTAND a joke God would make !
Come to think of it , yeah ! I bet He'd do something lame like making all of the Universe the joke or something !
AW GUYS YOU GOT ME
The night started cold - Too cold , and it got colder : A night for murder .
Alright everyone ! There's no need for any more haiku : the art form has peaked !
This is because I've just composed the Perfect Haiku . It has intrigue , a cold night , and perhaps , a hint of gunplay ?
truly , the best haiku ever . To Japan !
You might want to hold off on that trip for a bit !
Huh ?
Like most things taken from another culture , haiku have been transformed in their assimilation . You should know that a simple 5 - 7 - 5 syllable structure does not a proper haiku make !
Oh I disagree ! As you are clearly wr - ong , And I am quite right !
AND IN LESS THAN 24 HOURS , " A NIGHT FOR MURDER " TAKES JAPAN BY STORM !
But what to do . . .
. . . for a SEQUEL ? ?
If there's one thing I know . . .
. . . it's women !
Isn't that right , Dromiceiomimus ? Wouldn't you agree that I have an uncanny understanding of the female gender ?
I wouldn't put it that way !
Come now , don't be shy !
I disagree with you as well , my friend !
But why ? It's clearly TRUE .
T - Rex , your relationships with women have been characterized by confusion and misunderstanding and briefness , and AWKWARDNESS , as far as I can tell !
If there's one thing you know , it's not women !
In truth , I had only the loosest grasp on female anatomy , but I'd take that secret to my grave .
Nuh - uh !
I have faith in random developments of chance of a potentially divine nature . From where do you hail ?
You attractive individual !
I have faith in what may appear to be miraculous occurrences , Since you entered my immediate locale ,
You attractive individual .
Where is your place of origin , youngster ? By what means were you cognizant of my need for you ?
How were you aware of the extreme extent of my desire ? How were you aware that I would offer my affections without hesitation ?
During the previous diurnal cycle , I counted myself among the ranks of the lonely ! Now you're lying in quite close proximity .
Engaging in intercourse !
Dear recipient of this comic :
It isn't working out !
Maybe it's not you , it's me ! MAYBE there were many small things that added up to this relationship not working .
I don't know . This card isn't very personalized .
Come to think of it , I'd be pretty pissed if someone broke up with me like this !
Yeah , this is even worse than a break - up email ! You have to at least compose an email .
Too true !
I think whoever is being dumped here is better off without this person !
Me too !
Dear recipient of this comic : You're better off without this jerk !
I would still like to hear about the sex , however !
T - REX HAS GOTTEN A NEW PET DOG :
I've gotten a new pet dog !
Hooray !
My last pet dog ran away because I never fed him . But THIS new dog I'm sure to feed every day !
That's very resp - actually , T - Rex , that's exactly as responsible as you should be .
I know this now !
What's your new pet's name , T - Rex ?
It's also his description !
I named him , " The Angriest Dog In The World " .
Wow ! Is he really that angry ?
He's LIVID , man ! He's TENSE . Bound so tightly with tension and anger , he approaches the state of rigor mortis !
Good listener , though !
naked people
Hot !
Dromiceiomimus , what's your opinion on people who are naked ?
I would think that they are hot !
I would be forced to agree with you my good lady ! !
I too would agree with you re : hot naked people , my friend !
THE END
POSTSCRIPT :
Hott ! !
naked people
Hot !
Dromiceiomimus , what's your opinion on people who are naked ?
I would think that they are hot !
I would be forced to agree with you my good lady ! !
I too would agree with you re : hot naked people , my friend !
THE END
POSTSCRIPT :
Hott ! !
Okay ! So , we get a couple - no ! - a polyamorous CROWD of people , who all want to have a child , but who are all infertile . So ! Then we get a donated fertilized egg . . .
. . . and bring it to term with a surrogate mother who is herself married !
THEN , you give the child to the polyamorous crowd , who have new members replace old ones quickly and quite often . Um , infinitely often .
THAT'S , I think , how you get a child with the highest number of people who could possibly claim parentage . Tada !
You've outdone yourself this time , my friend !
How's that ?
Well , you're raised pretty much every socio - reproductive issue in the book , and also RUINED THE LIFE OF AN IMAGINARY CHILD .
I haven't ruined any lives ! The kid has like bazillion parents : think about his birthday !
PRESENTS
TIME TRAVEL ADVICE COMICS
If you ever find your consciousness ( your self ) sent back in time to a much younger you , there are some changes to be expected ! Remember :
It can be frustrating to live out your life again !
But - there is hope . Small changes compound into large ones , and soon you will be encountering situations that you don't recall .
If you're going to impress by making predictions about the immediate future you should do so early on ! They may become increasingly inaccurate .
It can also be difficult to convince people you've traveled from the future !
Quite so !
This is why ( if you've gone back into your own life far enough ) using words and knowledge that are far beyond your means can help impress upon people the truth of your story .
Be careful though ! Overplay this , and you may become separated from your familiar world !
Anyway !
Enjoy being 6 !
Phew , it was all a dream !
The mission to find the treasure , the car chase : all a dream !
My high school math teacher naked and smiling : all a dream !
That bizarre thing with the Utahraptor that I don't want to talk about : all a dream !
Wait , what was this about me ?
It was nothing : just a crazy dream !
You must have had crazy dreams before !
Yeah , but are we talking crazy insane or crazy sexual ?
Crazy sexual !
I've said too much !
So a friend of mine got a cell phone !
I know !
I'm of the belief that some businessmen who are never in the office could really use them , but that most people don't REALLY need one . Therefore , they are allowed to be teased by me !
Ho ho ! They are allowed to be teased by me whenever they use their phone , even if it's in an emergency !
But you didn't tease this person , right ?
Right !
Well , that's good . I think people with cell phones get teased enough .
It was going to be really good , though ! I was going to call really early . I would have said , " DO YOU LIKE YOUR CELL PHONE NOW ? ? "
" HELLO "
HEY T - REX YOU KINDA SHOULDN'T MAKE FUN OF PEOPLE WITH CELL PHONES
Huh ?
Why not ? !
WELL IN SOME PLACES PEOPLE DON'T REALLY USE REGULAR PHONES
I GOT A CELL PHONE YOU KNOW
You do ?
YEAH IT'S PRETTY GREAT MY RINGTONE IS THE THEME SONG TO TELEFRANCAIS
Who are you talking to , T - Rex ?
God , again !
He was just telling me that I shouldn't make fun of people with cell phones , because He has a cell phone too !
What does God need with a cell phone ?
Huh ! What DOES God need with a cell phone ?
ALL OF MY FRIENDS HAVE ONE
Friends ? !
UM I MEAN
LESSER GODS
Alright ! New novel : done ! This one is a romance , and is called :
" Pretzels In A Lady's Lap " !
It's named after a particularly striking scene from the book ! We're at a party , and a young man accidentally spills pretzels , as he walks by , into the titular Lady's lap ! She looks up : eyes meet , bosoms - on both sides - heave , passions smoulder , and , perhaps . . . romance blossoms ?
Hey , what's so sensual about pretzels ?
Dude !
No , really ! They're dry and salty .
I've always found them to be pretty sensual .
I'm pretty sure you're the only one !
Really ? Huh ! Nobody else finds pretzels stimulating ?
Well , this has been quite the anagnorisis ( a moment of recognition or discovery ) !
T - REX IN : " YOUNG PARENTS "
Young parents !
What's the deal ?
How come they want to have kids so quickly ? Don't they want to live a hedonistic adult - child lifestyle , like mine , for just a little longer ?
I don't understand ! Marriage ?
Did you think maybe they just found the right person ?
Huh ?
Yeah , maybe they know what they want , and that's to share their lives , and a beautiful child , with each other !
MAYBE , but how come I don't want that ? I want all the cool things !
Also : how come my bed is so cold and empty at night ?
Time to go on a wacky adventure , which would be quite amazing to an imaginary third pary with the ability to see my actions rendered as a continuous narrative !
LATER :
Whew ! !
Kick ass !
Well , that was pretty much the best adventure ever ! Do you recall when we got trapped in that mine that was filling up with water very quickly ?
I do ! And or escape . . . !
Yes , it was quite amazing !
LATER :
Congratulations on publishing a book of your story , T - Rex !
Thanks !
LATER :
Congratulations on your book becoming the entire world's Global Narrative and Shared History , T - Rex !
It was unexpected but gratifying !
LATER :
So !
What's left ?
I wonder , did growing up in a small town influence my values ?
Perhaps !
Though , I think , not as much as I would have liked it to . Sometimes I feel like I cling to my small - town origins as a substitute for a real identity .
You're suggesting that a small town provides a " ready made " identity ?
Yeah !
You know , a certain touch of naivet ? , a wonder at the accoutrements ( subways , etc ) of modern city living . . .
Well , we all tend to define ourselves with or against something : a home town seems as good a thing as any !
Years later , I would reflect on this exchange , and find in it so much of what I missed from that time .
Ah , those were the days !
It made me feel certain that , had I an old La Salle at the time , it would have ran great .
I can never let my father , whom I have a close relationship with , know my shameful secret ! I never -
* choke *
I never meant to kill my best friend !
It was my first time drinking , and I thought that I was good to drive !
We tried to warn you ! We , your other friends , tried to warn you that you had been drinking , but now our mutual friend is dead , BECAUSE OF YOU ! We can't be friends anymore .
* choke *
Hello , son ! You look a little upset ! Is there maybe something personal you want to tell me ?
No !
Yes !
I drank and drove tonight and I killed a man and last week I kinda date raped my date and I'm gay and I also am involved in a teen pregnancy !
Son , I -
I still love you !
Oh , Dad !
And . . . SCENE !
I wonder what the future holds !
Hmm . . .
Whoo ! Civilization's destroyed !
Whoah !
That was like - a grim , dystopian vision !
A vision . . . of TOMORROW !
You look troubled , my friend !
That's because I am troubled !
I just tried imagining what the future will be like , but what I saw was a world destroyed ! And . . . I seemed excited about it !
T - Rex , it's just a daydream ! Don't worry about it .
Okay , but if civilization is destroyed , you and I will have words !
Fine !
ANGRY words !
I'm just sayin' !
T - REX IN : " SEX ADVICE "
Woohoo ! Sex Advice !
Our first letter comes from me !
I write , " Dear T - Rex : I love your show . I have a question , sex ? Huh ? What's the deal ? "
Wow ! Thanks for your letter , " T " !
You answer your question I -
May I ?
May you what ?
May I answer the question ?
Hey ! It's MY sex advice show ! Get your own !
You know what ? Don't mind if I do !
SOON , UTAHRAPTOR'S SEX ADVICE SHOWIS THE MOS POPULAR THING EVER :
Awww cinnamon !
So ! Generalizations !
I don't understand them !
For instance , after being bit by three tigers , I'd start to generalize that maybe I shouldn't poke tigers , because then they'll bite me . But if I happened to meet three jerky citizens of a town , the same process could make me conclude that everyone there is mean ! Or worse : what if I started generalizing across races ? I'd be a big ol' racist !
Well , there are valid and invalid generalizations , my friend !
Yeah , that's true !
But I guess what bothers me is that it seems you determine whether or not a generalization is valid by evaluating its conclusion , which in turn is based on your own prejudices !
Well - it's hard to remove the " human factor " from any evaluation like this .
You mean the " dinosaur factor " , of course !
Hah hah ! Of course !
We're talking dinosaurs !
Down with money !
We don't need it !
We can just return to our utopia of old , before money turned us all into greedy , money - obsessed , quasi - people ! Right , Dromiceiomimus ? Right ! Money is an aberration that lessens us all ! We don't need it !
But without money people would still trade !
And . . . ?
AND , currency is just an abstraction of trade ! One unit of currency equals three goats , for example . Some form of money develops naturally from trade and is thus , I think , pretty much inevitable !
I guess you could say your remarks are . . . RIGHT ON THE MONEY ?
Ho ho ! Five stars ! Also , I value our friendship .
Social Skills Comics
Social Skills are very important things to have !
They are what allow us to get along with others , and are the foundation of society !
With the invention of the & # 8220 ; internet & # 8221 ; and & # 8220 ; email & # 8221 ; and & # 8220 ; instant messaging software & # 8221 ; , people are more social than ever & # 8211 ; and this increased chance for communication leads to better social skills ! Hooray !
Ah , but this electronic communication can take away from face - to - face interaction !
Doesn & # 8217 ; t matter !
Actually , it does & # 8211 ; because they & # 8217 ; re not the same thing ! Online , if you don & # 8217 ; t like someone , you can ignore them easily and completely . But in real life , you have to talk to people you disagree with or dislike all the time ! I & # 8217 ; m worried the skills for dealing with such people will become ATROPHIED .
What do you -
T - Rex ?
Smile and wave and back away & # 8230 ;
Ah , do I ever love the broad stereotypes of cultures !
Do I ever !
They're like generalizations across races , only socially acceptable !
Dromiceiomimus , did you know that Latin women are passionate and fiery ?
That is the stereotype !
And British men are cultured and maybe a little stuffy !
Well what's the stereotype that applies to you T - Rex ?
Oh , there isn't one !
My people and I don't fit into your boxes , man
And you recognize the double standard here ?
Heck yes ! I'm largely in favour of it !
I say largely because I like to keep my options open . Anyway !
Passionate Latin women ?
Here I go , Here I go , here I go again ! Girls , what's my weakness ?
Men !
ok then , chillin' , chillin' , mindin' my business
word !
Yo , Salt , I looked around , and I couldn't believe this : I swear , I stared , my niece my witness ! The brother had it goin' on with somethin' kinda . . . UH !
LATER
Umm , you're packed and you're stacked ( specially in the back ) !
Brother , wanna thank your mother for a butt like that !
Thanks , mom !
Can I get some fries with that shake - shake booty ? If looks could kill , you would be an Uzi .
LATER
So what you wanna do ?
What you wanna do
Mmmm , I wanna shoop !
I had the strangest dream last night ! There was this disease going around that made people really - violent , I guess ?
Anyway , it affected these two women who I guess lived at my house !
It was really creepy , because these women would SEEM fine , but then they'd just keep trying to get close to me , no matter what I did . They wanted to kill me !
Whoah ! Sounds like somebody is afraid of women !
No I'm not ! It's just that dreams always sound really symbolic when they're described , that's all !
I don't know , sounds like you think women are a threat !
I don't !
It was a DREAM I had . Just cause I dreamed it doesn't mean I believe it !
Hey T - Rex , is it sexist in here , or is it JUST YOU ?
What ? No ! It's not sexist in here !
It's not me !
When is something uncool enough to be COOL again ? Is there someone who decides one day that California Raisins shirts are back in vogue ?
HEY MAN DON'T LOOK AT ME
Well I ju - -
. . . T - Rex ?
MID - AFTERNOON :
Whew ! What a fantastic nap !
It seems I just had a snooze . . . and didn't lose !
Ho ho ! Did you hear that , Dromiceiomimus ? I had a snooze . . . and didn't lose !
Yes ! Very clever , T - Rex .
Because normally people say " You snooze , you lose " , but in my case I didn't lose anything !
But T - Rex , no matter what you do , you lose ! Economics teaches us that there is an opportunity cost for every action .
And so by " snoozing " , you are " losing " out on the chance to do anything you could have done - cure cancer , perhaps !
That's stupid , and since when did we start personifying social sciences ?
My friend , I am simply asking the questions that need to be asked !
New theory :
Emotions are for the weak !
Wouldn't you agree , Dromiceiomimus ?
But I like emotions , T - Rex ! I like feeling happy and content and loved !
Okay , new theory : BAD emotions are for the weak !
But feeling depressed might encourage you to go out and improve yourself , so bad emotions are good too !
Fine !
New theory : Emotions ?
That
That's not really a theory , T - Rex .
YEARS LATER , T - REX IS GIVEN THE CHANCE TO GO BACK IN TIME AND CHOOSES NOT TO REVISIT THIS EXCHANGE !
I've said my goodbyes !
T - REX HAS INJECTED HIMSELF WITH TRUTH SERUM OF HIS OWN DESIGN :
Indeedy ! Now everything I say will be the truth !
The path to enlightenment is truly through homemade drugs !
Go ahead , Dromiceiomimus ! Ask me anything !
Okay , um . . . What's ten times two ?
Twenty . Oh my gosh ; it works !
Oooh ! Hey , I've got some questions !
No way dude !
I'm afraid you'll ask me some personal questions ( of a sexual nature ) that I don't want to answer ! Wait , what the hell ? This was supposed to be a truth serum , not a VOLUNTEER INFORMATION serum !
You're out of control !
I've recently discovered the joys of sleeping naked , by the way ! Don't listen to me ! !
I wrote some fan fiction last night !
I know !
But T - Rex , most fan fiction has characters from TV and movies acting implausibly in implausible situations , and also kissing each other ! Does - does yours ?
Perhaps ! There are many twists and turns and revelations in my exciting non - canon tale , Dromiceiomimus !
So what show is it about ?
No show !
It's actually - surprise ! - UTAHRAPTOR and DROMICEIOMIMUS fan fiction !
You didn't .
Indeed I did , good sir ! And may I just say , " smoochie smoochie " ? Hah hah !
( You kiss in my story ! )
Powerful images for the passage of time :
A clock's hands , sweeping past 12 !
A sped - up landscape scene , with urban growth and decay happening in mere seconds !
The Earth spinning in orbit !
An old woman holding aged lace and gazing at a faded photograph of herself , posing in her prettiest dress !
Brightly coloured fall leaves , being gently covered in snow !
Ooh , good one !
I think my favorite was the old lady with the photograph of herself .
Yeah , but that image is complicated - it additionally includes both aging and menopausal issues !
That's true .
I certainly don't know much about menopause , though !
" Menopausal issues in comics "
Nice : I love you !
Creepy : I love you so hard !
Adding " hard " after phrases that don't normally have " hard " after them can give an interesting effect ! I like it !
Hard !
I've heard other people doing this before you , my friend !
So ?
There's nothing wrong with appreciating the work of somebody else !
Oh no , no , that's true ! I just thought you were implying it was your own linguistic invention .
Ha ha ! What a silly thing to say !
Because that would be plagiarism , and plagiarism is wrong !
Yes !
Now , to change the subject , isn't today election day somewhere ?
POLITICS , huh ?
What is the meaning of life ? By this I mean , how should I best live my life ?
THE MEANING OF LIFE
More concretely : what can I do NOW that is meaningful and justified and purposeful and justified and purposeful and not - pointlessly absurd ?
These are big questions , my friend !
I know , Dromiceiomimus I know ! But I'm sick of that being used as an excuse . I am demanding BIG ANSWERS . There must be some way to arrive at a solution !
I don't know if there is , T - Rex !
Well - I have an idea .
Okay : so I don't know what the meaning of life is ; fine . But , I do know that others MIGHT . So , inductively , the only thing I can do is try to make life easier for these other people , until such a time that they figure it out and let me know !
So you become a dentist ?
Hah !
What ?
CUTE COMICS IN FRENCH written for the now - abandoned project " COMICS FOR FRENCH KIDS "
Allo bonjour !
Moi , je suis un dinosaure !
Je suis un dinosaure EXTRAORDINAIRE ! Je suis grand et vert .
J'aime des choses et d'autres choses !
Moi , je suis un loup - garou !
Ah oui ?
Oui , je suis un loup - garou !
C'est quelque chose incroyable , ca !
Oui , je sais !
Ne me mange pas , s'il vous plait !
D'accord , mon ami ! D'accord !
Ah , merci bien , monsieur !
J'aime toi et des choses et d'autres choses !
I'm sick and ornery ! I just want to be left alone today , so give me my distance !
With this in mind , I'm going for a walk !
Haven't we gone over this before ? Declaring yourself to be angry doesn't excuse personal responsibility , T - Rex !
Forget it , Dromiceiomimus ! I don't want to hear anyone's voice all up in my earhole !
Ewwwwww !
" All up in my earhole " ? That's disgusting ! " Earhole " ! Man ! Friendship annulled ! You're gross !
" The Power of Language "
Well , yesterday I seemed to annoy my friends with my choice of the oddly - obscene word " earhole " . Excuse me !
Sheesh , I was just being myself !
Well , we all prefer when you're yourself , but also not a rude jerk . You can be both !
But there's a rude side to me too ! It's who I am !
And this is where , once again , social constraints come into play !
So you're implying that society serves a useful purpose , by encouraging me to be - nice ? Polite ?
Yep ! If you don't like it , go live on the moon !
LATER , ON THE MOON !
HEY I HOPE YOU GUYS CAN HEAR ME BECAUSE I'M PERFECTLY HAPPY UP HERE ! EAAAAARHOOOOOLE
T - REX IN : WORLD POLITICS
Okay !
So you've got lots of countries , right ? Only , you can dismiss about 90 % of these , since they don't really affect the agreed - upon " world scene " .
So then you've got this small collection of countries that make all the news ! World politics is how these countries relate to one another , and , internally , to themselves .
That's good , but this definition seems a little unnecessary !
How so ?
Well , people know what politics are , and " world politics " is just a straightforward application of the adjective .
Man , you're nerding up the place ! I don't need to hear this talk about " applying adjectives " .
To make up for THAT , I'm going to have to spend the rest of the day talking about women I've had the opportunity to kiss !
It's much more interesting than world politics was anyway . It's got women ! Women in the mood to KISS !
Ah , long - forgotten childhood friends !
LONG FORGOTTEN CHILDHOOD FRIENDS COMICS
I miss them ! Sure , we were probably a little petty and - - well , kids , but it feels like those friendships were somehow simpler . . . more pure !
I wonder what all my old friends are up to now . . . I haven't seen most of them since grade five !
Well , you're in luck ! I ran into one of the old neighbourhood kids today !
You did ?
Yes ! Remember that little red - scaled dinosaur you had the biggest crush on ?
Oh my goodness ! The little red - scaled dinosaur ? How is she ?
Well she's all grown up now !
Oh , wow ! Did she mention me at all ?
I used to hide in the bushes outside her house !
Ah , long - forgotten childhood friends !
LONG FORGOTTEN CHILDHOOD FRIENDS COMICS
I miss them ! Sure , we were probably a little petty and - - well , kids , but it feels like those friendships were somehow simpler . . . more pure !
I wonder what all my old friends are up to now . . . I haven't seen most of them since grade five !
Well , you're in luck ! I ran into one of the old neighbourhood kids today !
You did ?
Yes ! Remember that little red - scaled dinosaur you had the biggest crush on ?
Oh my goodness ! The little red - scaled dinosaur ? How is she ?
Well she's all grown up now !
Oh , wow ! Did she mention me at all ?
I used to hide in the bushes outside her house !
Does " Betty put butter on the bread " mean the same thing as " Betty buttered the bread " ?
I would argue : no !
In the second example , there is an implication that the bread is wholly buttered , while in the first , this is not necessarily the case ! And this applies not just to butter : there are many other examples . For instance , " Gary wrote for many TV shows " leaves open the possibility of a co - author on the scripts , a possibility that " Gary wrote many TV shows " does not !
Wow ! These small changes in semantics ( he meaning of a word or phrase ) are quite interesting !
Yes !
But hard , too .
Agreed .
Thanks to chapter three of Steven Pinker's 1989 book " Learnability and Cognition " , upon which most of this comic was based .
Whoo ! It's cool to be cool !
And I'M the coolest !
This guarantees me POPULARITY . Who would not like to hang out with someone who's the coolest ? The answer is no - one !
Whoah ! That's some unrestrained ego you've got going , my friend !
Yep !
I'm experimenting with it . They say that women like a man with confidence , so I will be the most confident man ever !
But not all women are alike ! I bet you some women like a man who is a push - over .
Sucks for them ! They won't get any of my SWEET DINOSAUR KISSING .
I find that disgusting , yet can't articulate why !
Guess who kissed two ladies at the same time yesterday ?
If you guessed " T - Rex " , you are CORRECT !
Woo - hoo ! That's Stereotypical Male Fantasy Number 1 checked off ! Now I can move on to Stereotypical Male Fantasy Number 2 at my earliest convenience !
Congratulations my friend ! I am supportive of your sexual proclivities . What's Stereotypical Male Fantasy Number 2 ?
I'm a man , and I don't know what Stereotypical Male Fantasy Number 2 is either !
Really ?
I'm surprised ! You don't have any idea ?
I bet it has something to do with ladies acting improbably !
Well YEAH , but it's the specific nature of the improbable actions that matters ! Remember ?
We had this discussion after I showed you my " One day lots of people have sexy sex " erotic fiction .
Remember ?
COMPRESSED FILM COMICS : " THE BUTTERFLY EFFECT "
Time to fix all my relationship issues with my girlfriend , Kayleigh , by going back in time . . .
. . . using the power of my MIND !
SHORTLY :
Everything's fine , CEPT YOU GOT NO LEGS !
Shit !
SOON :
Everything's fine , except now Kayleigh's father has become a crazy pedophile !
Huh ?
Oh well ! I can fix THAT !
SOON :
Everything's fine , except now Kayleigh dropped out of school to become a prostitute !
Sheesh !
SOON :
Okay , everything's fine , except you accidently killed Kayleigh's little brother Tommy ! Whoops !
Darn it !
THIS time . . .
SOON :
Everything's fine , except now you totally never meet Kayleigh !
That's okay !
CAUTIONARY TALE COMIX
" This too shall pass ! "
Hah hah hah !
Isn't that right , Dromiceiomimus ? Wealth and power and knowledge and love and friendship are all fleeting and pointless ! Whoo ! One day will we all be dead !
You seem awfully cheerful about all this !
That too shall pass !
Normally the saying is only applied to BAD things , T - Rex !
It applies to all things !
Well , okay , but nobody want to invite someone to a wedding whose toast is going to be " This too shall pass " !
Man , I'm not trying to get invited to any weddings !
LATER : EVERYONE GETS INVITED TO A WEDDING EXCEPT T - REX .
Ouch !
For me !
Today I am talking about the made - up desease " ryoma " , and there are many kinds of ryoma one can contract !
Festering ryoma , for instance !
Eww !
Creeping ryoma .
Salacious ryoma !
MEPHITIC OCULAR RYOMA .
Aw man , these all sound disgusting !
I know ! It's amazing !
Ryoma doesn't even exist , and yet it's the most disgusting desease ever .
Hah , it really is ! " Uvular ryoma " .
" As we kissed , I could taste the ryoma on her lips . "
Hah hah ! Gross !
" When I woke this morning , my thighs were slick with ryoma "
Ewww !
The manliest thing in the world ? Easy !
Wastin' food !
Oh man , imagine a guy who orders a big steak dinner with all the fixings , and then when it's delivered , he just flips it onto the floor !
That would be one tough dude ! I would rate him , " Super Manly " .
Okay , you've lost me : how is wasting food manly ?
It just is !
It captures the ESSENCE of masculinity : doing stuff that we think is cool , even though there's many a good reason not to do it !
Like flipping plates of food onto the ground ?
Like friggin' draining a lake , filling it with Sloppy Joes , and then spraying the whole thing with pesticides !
And piloting the crop duster PERSONALLY . I tell you , wasting food : the manliest thing in the world !
That and punchin' stuff !
I wonder : are we actually making progress ?
( Where " we " refers to the general population , of course ! )
How do you mean , T - Rex ?
Well - what about philosophy , for instance ? We've had thousands of years to think about what it means to be alive , yet we're still no closer to an answer ! Where's the progress when we're still grappling with the same questions as the ancients ?
You assume there exists an answer to such cosmic questions !
I do !
What about the whole idea of " the only questions worth asking are those that can't be answered " ?
Self - justification from philosophers who can't reach a conclusion , my friend ! I want ANSWERS , not debate ! I want a one sentence SUMMARY of LIFE .
Something like , " too bad we'll all be dead " ?
Yeah , only catchier and more informative !
And less depressing !
I hope I never get BURIED ALIVE !
Yep , that sure would suck !
Boy , would I ever hate to be buried alive . I can't think of anything I'd dislike more ! I mean - damn ! Buried alive !
Why are you talking like that ?
Like what ?
Like you're trying to lead someone on , goading them into burying you alive .
Woah , is that what I sound like ? Oh my gosh ! I don't want to get buried alive at ALL !
I thought stressing that fact would make it clear , but apparently NOT . I drop the subject now ! But don't forget ! No burying T - Rex alive !
So , I'm not really comfortable with the fact that my mind is actually something physical .
It implies that everything I am , everything I think , can be altered !
It's scary ! Some people who suffer brain damage can have their entire personality rewritten . Heck , add some chemcials and you can alter how and what a person thinks !
That's crazy !
Crazy !
And this freaks you out ?
It really does .
You know what freaks me out the most , though ? It's those remote control cyborg cockroaches they've made by pretty much taking over the animal's nervous system . I can just imagine the insect screaming endlessly in it's mind as its own body is made alien .
Oh my God !
Anyway , that was sort of tangential ! Getting back to the subject : isn't it CRAZY that our minds are something physical !
What a good mood I am in today !
I declare : high fives all around !
Hey Dromiceiomimus ! Give me a thigh five !
A what ?
What ? Whoah , I meant to say " A high five " , of course !
Oh man . What an embarrassing slip of the tongue ! I have to go now !
LATER :
What the heck ? A thigh five ? Where did that even come from ?
What's going on ?
Oh , hey Utahraptor . DID YOU KNOW that I just accidentally asked the Dromiceiomimus to give me a thigh five ?
Hah hah ! I did NOT ! What would that be , anyway ? You both on your backs , slapping your legs together in the air ?
My friend , thigh fives are a ridiculous way of expressing enthusiasm . I am aware of this !
This is not the issue here !
I hope I don't run into the Dromiceiomimus today ! She probably thinks I'm crazy since I asked for a " thigh five " the last time we met .
Oh shoot , there she is ! Time to go INCOGNITO !
Hey T - Rex , what's up ? Out for a walk , I see ?
T - Rex ? Who es T - Rex ? I am a different , um , Tyrannosaurus Rex .
Hah hah , really ? You're not the T - Rex who demands thigh fives from his friends ?
Darn it !
She remembers ! I'll never live this down !
What are you so concerned about ?
It was just a wacky slip of the tongue ! It's funny - this one time in high school , a friend of mine meant to type " I raised my HAND to block the sun " but instead wrote " hind " , and since he wasn't the slimmest guy . . . oh man !
Good times , good times !
OH MAN I FORGOT ABOUT THAT ONE
People laugh at typos in heaven ? !
SOMETIMES WE DO
I've come to accept that I will be able to live down anything I do , given enough time !
So : no worries !
That's a healthy attitude , T - Rex ! It'll let you explore things you otherwise might not , because you won't be worried about what others think !
Exactly ! I am a well - adjusted dinosaur .
Wait , let me talk to you before you go too far with this !
Sure ! What's up ?
Well - it's just , you tend to take ideas to comedic extremes . So I just wanted to make sure you remember that you shouldn't dismiss the opinions of others entirely !
Of course ! " Social Constraints Serve A Useful Purpose " !
I remember from the trial !
I just discovered that I can get digital prints for only 29 cents !
DINOSAUR COMICS PRESENTS : 29 CENT PRINT COMICS
Did you know that you can now get digital prints for only 29 cents ? This will change the world !
T - Rex , that service has been available for a while now .
B - B - But . . . 29 cent prints !
Hey there Utahraptor ! Have I ever told you that you're a prints among men ?
You have not !
And let me just say : thanks , T - Rex !
A 29 cents prints , that is !
That doesn't even make sense !
Still ! Burnsauce ! !
The craziest thing happened to me yesterday !
It was the CRAZIEST !
It was so crazy , I don't feel comfortable talking about it .
And yet , you're talking about talking about it , so do you want me to ask what the crazy thing was ?
No thank you ! It was too CRAZY .
You know what ? I bet it wasn't even very crazy !
Was it very crazy ?
My friend , it was so crazy it was OFF THE HOOK .
That's pretty crazy !
I know !
As I say , it's analogous to leaving one's phone off the hook .
Hmm . . .
Yep , it's certain ! I can find NO DOWNSIDES with being immortal .
What about a world - weariness that can only come from watching everyone you know and love age and die while you remain stuck in a perpetual youth ?
That's okay ! Come on : living forever ? I could do anything ! I could do EVERYTHING - twice !
But what if there's no food , and you're hellishly starving for an eternity ?
Could that happen ? !
Well , I don't see why not .
But then , where would I be getting my energy from ?
Hmm . . . I guess the idea of immortality DOES clash with the scientific principles of conservation of energy .
And so , once again , I am forced to reject a fantasy because it is based on bad science !
( Science means that not all dreams can come true ! )
T - REX AND HIS DINOSAUR FRIENDS IN : " OLD PHOTOGRAPHS "
You know those early photographs ? The silent , gloomy , sepia - toned ones ?
They're so sad !
What gets me every time is the faces of people I'll never meet , people long dead , trying not to move as they stare into that early camera lens . . . but what ESPECIALLY always gets me are the faces of the people who did move . This was for some the only time their face would be recorded , and they happened to shift .
That's so sad ! That's profoundly sad !
Is it because those blurred faces remind you that no matter what , the past can never be completely known ?
Kind of ! But I think what affects me the most if the idea of someone coming that close to achieving at least a type of immortality , and then losing it to something as natural and ordinary as glancing away .
Early photography does have its own sense of sad nostalgia , doesn't it ?
It does indeed ! It makes me want to go home and sit , alone and sober , in a darkened room .
Whoooo !
Man , I've always wanted to travel to the future !
Always !
It would be SO COOL to see how things work out . Wouldn't you agree , Dromiceiomimus ?
I guess !
Also , I'd take back future technology with me and claim it as my own invention .
You can't do that , T - Rex !
Says you !
Says LOGIC . Think about it : if you did that , then where did the idea for the invention come from ? You didn't have it , and now the future inventor won't have it either . . .
A paradox !
Yes !
There's nothing funny about paradoxes .
Tonight I am going to bed early .
Sweetness !
More sleep for me !
Hey Dromiceiomimus , what time are you going to bed tonight ?
Well , I don't know . . . I guess around eleve -
Cause I'm going to bed early tonight !
Me ! Early !
LATER :
Word has it you're bragging about going to bed early ?
Word has it right !
But why ? Usually people brag about awesome things , not lame - o things like going to bed early .
What are you talking about ? It's cool to get a good night's sleep !
YEARS LATER :
what ?
It's cool to get a good night's sleep !
Hmm . . .
* sigh *
Maybe I should just accept that I'll never be on the cover of a magazine !
Why would you ever want to be on the cover of a magazine ?
Because it means you're famous !
Well , if that's your idea of fame , why not just publish your own magazine and put your face on the cover ?
Hey ! Yeah ! I'll make my own magazine ! AND it'll be my magazine for TEENS !
Aw , no , no ! Not that teen magazine idea again !
Hmm . . .
* sigh *
Maybe I should just accept that I'll never be on the cover of a magazine !
Why would you ever want to be on the cover of a magazine ?
Because it means you're famous !
Well , if that's your idea of fame , why not just publish your own magazine and put your face on the cover ?
Hey ! Yeah ! I'll make my own magazine ! AND it'll be my magazine for TEENS !
Aw , no , no ! Not that teen magazine idea again !
For we can always see and feel much that the people in old photos and newsreels
I have conceded that literal immortality is impossible !
could not :
However !
that their clothing and automobiles were old - fashioned , that their landscape lacked skyscrapers and other contemporary buildings , that their world was black
I am comforted by the fact that a type of immortality may still be possible . I speak of course of immortality through art !
and white
I get it ! You intend to express all that you are through art !
Yes !
and haunting
And in doing so , it will remain forever fixed , for all future generations to see !
Oh man , I want in ! Let's make a documentary about our lives .
That's a great idea !
and gone . - Robert Rosenstone , " Visions of the Past "
We'll live forever !
Imagine if Santa Claus worked at a newspaper ?
" Ho - ho - hold the front page ! " he'd say !
Hee hee !
Or if he worked on a boat : " Ho - ho - hoist that mainsail , lads ! "
Or if he worked as a chipmunk , he'd say " I'm going to ho - ho - hoard all these nuts ! "
I bet he would !
" If he worked as a chipmunk " ? ! Your wit seems a bit off today , my friend !
Ho - ho - hold up ?
Ahem . My wit is CHRISTMAS THEMED
That doesn't make it good though ! Lots of Christmas themed stuff is REALLY BAD .
You may be right ! However : I still think my wit is stellar !
Come on , tell me that if Santa Claus worked as a chipmunk , he wouldn't talk about ho - ho - hoarding nuts !
That's not a job !
It's a calling , I know ; answer the question !
Argh ! People on the internet :
So dumb !
I can't take it any more , Dromiceiomimus ! Everyone is off posting their dumb theories based off incorrect facts , and nobody even recognizes subtlety ! So many people are so lame !
Is there such a thing as an incorrect fact ? Doesn't being a fact imply correctness ?
Aaah ! That's not the point ! RAGE !
So why are you raging here against people on the internet ? Why not post a scathing reply online ?
Argh !
I have too much rage ! All these people are writing dumb things with incorrect spelling and grammar , and when you correct them , they just get angrier ! Its really annoying !
Aha ! You just used the wrong " its " there , my friend !
IT WAS SUBTLE IRONY . Sheesh , everyone ! Subtlety !
Also !
Noticing such things in spoken language is impossible !
Hooray for Christmas !
Hooray ! !
Hooray for getting Christmas cards !
Hooray ! !
Hooray for getting Christmas cards with no return address signed with names you don't recognize !
Wait - I take it this happened to you recently ?
Sure did , Skip !
Well , it looks like we've got a Christmas Mystery on our hands !
And that's one mystery I'd prefer to leave unsolved ! I'm really enjoying this feeling of mysterious popularity .
Who could it be ? Who have I forgotten ? ? MAYBE it's a pretty lady who wants to kiss me sometime !
Oh man !
Hooray for potential Christmas smooching , my friend !
Time to do it up . . .
Quebec style !
Time to wrap up some presents for all my friends . . .
Quebec style !
Time to STOMP ON THIS HOUSE - Quebec style !
Alright , I'll bite : what's " Quebec style " ?
It's new and exciting !
I invented it because it sounds , as I say , exciting and full of promise ! " Let's go see a movie , Quebec style ! " Oh , wow ! what does it mean ? What's so different ? I dont know , but I'm excited to find out !
I'm not !
LATER :
Hey guys , I brought a nice salad - Quebec style !
Oooh !
T - REX IN : " WRAPPING PRESENTS IN THE PLASTIC BAGS THEY CAME IN "
There's nothing wrong with that !
It saves the environment by using less paper !
But where's the magic ? Where's the love and care that is shown in a well - wrapped present ?
Replaced ! Replaced with a healthy respect for the ENVIRONMENT .
Plus it was cheaper !
Wrapping gifts can be a complicated issue !
Not really !
Sure it is ! Do you stay traditional and wrap presents nicely , in fancy paper - this can carry a lot of meaning - or try a more modern , environmentally - sensetive approach ?
Like wrapping them in the plastic bags they came in !
Or maybe something just a LITTLE bit classier .
YEARS LATER , THE PRESENTS ARE GONE , BUT THE PLASTIC BAGS HAVE YET TO BIODEGRADE !
Just like my memories !
Seeing all my old friends and family over the holidays has been fun . Good times !
But , it has also been SAD .
We've all changed ! It makes me more nostalgic for how things were before , just a year or two ago . Not because things were better , but because they were different ! I always feel like I missed some opportunity , like I could have done something then that I can't do now .
It's over now !
I know !
But I feel like everyone - all of us - could have done so much then , if only we handn't spent so many nights at home watching a movie or sitting in front of a computer !
" Live every day to the fullest " ?
My life reduced to cliche !
Bah ! Nostalgia !
What use does it serve ?
All it does is make us want things that we can't have , and can't even work towards having . Forget it ! It's WASTED TIME .
From now on , I will not spend time remembering the past , nor will I be sad when circumstances change ! From now on , I'm all about TOMORROW .
Are you sure that's a good attitude , T - Rex ? Those who cannot remember the past are condemned to fulfill it !
And those who cannot remember to attribute their quotations are condemned to commit academic offences .
It's common knowledge who said it ! Sheesh ! GEORGE SANTAYANA .
HELPFUL ONE - PANEL SUMMARY .
Nostalgia can make you sad .
Attribute carefully !
Man , you'll never find me on a mountaineering expedition or on a voyage to find the Northwest Passage . No thanks !
Do people not realize what's bound to happen ?
As I see it , you're pretty much asking to be put in a situation wherein the food runs out , people betray one another , frozen corpses of friends are found in the morning , and eventually everyone resorts to cannibalism .
Well , you won't fool me ! I know the stereotypes !
But not all arctic exploration ends in cannibalism , T - Rex !
Says you !
You're just thinking of one or two famous instances ! The problem is that nobody ever remembers when the food DOESN'T run out , the times when nobody ends up getting munched on .
I can't help it if no cannibalism is less memorable than tons of cannibalism !
AN IDEA WHICH LEADS TO DISASTER TWO WEEKS LATER :
Wait ! Or can I ?
A FAILED EXPERIMENT HAS CAUSED TIME TO BECOME UNGLUED !
Oh no !
EFFECT PRECEDES CAUSE !
It's a disaster !
CAN NOTHING BE DONE TO RESTORE THE NATURAL ORDER ?
T - Rex , this is no time to begin stomping on houses !
What ? I already stomped on it like 5 seconds ag -
OH MY GOODNESS
IS THE WORLD DOOMED ?
T - Rex ! I have a desperate plan to save us all !
Hooray !
OUR LAST , BEST HOPE :
All we have to do is re - run the temporal experiment BACKWARDS , thereby forcing time back into its usual lattice inversion structure !
That sounds just scientific enough to work !
BUT THAT MAKES THINGS WORSE THAN EVER ! EVERYBODY IS GOING TO BECOME A BABY OR SOMETHING !
Let my last words be an incentive against the words " blog " and " blogosphere " !
I have lived as few men dared dream !
A FAILED EXPERIMENT HAS CAUSED TIME TO BECOME UNGLUED !
Oh no !
EFFECT PRECEDES CAUSE !
It's a disaster !
CAN NOTHING BE DONE TO RESTORE THE NATURAL ORDER ?
T - Rex , this is no time to begin stomping on houses !
What ? I already stomped on it like 5 seconds ag -
OH MY GOODNESS
IS THE WORLD DOOMED ?
T - Rex ! I have a desperate plan to save us all !
Hooray !
OUR LAST , BEST HOPE :
All we have to do is re - run the temporal experiment BACKWARDS , thereby forcing time back into its usual lattice inversion structure !
That sounds just scientific enough to work !
BUT THAT MAKES THINGS WORSE THAN EVER ! EVERYBODY IS GOING TO BECOME A BABY OR SOMETHING !
Let my last words be an incentive against the words " blog " and " blogosphere " !
I have lived as few men dared dream !
A FAILED EXPERIMENT HAS CAUSED TIME TO BECOME UNGLUED !
Oh no !
EFFECT PRECEDES CAUSE !
It's a disaster !
CAN NOTHING BE DONE TO RESTORE THE NATURAL ORDER ?
T - Rex , this is no time to begin stomping on houses !
What ? I already stomped on it like 5 seconds ag -
OH MY GOODNESS
IS THE WORLD DOOMED ?
T - Rex ! I have a desperate plan to save us all !
Hooray !
OUR LAST , BEST HOPE :
All we have to do is re - run the temporal experiment BACKWARDS , thereby forcing time back into its usual lattice inversion structure !
That sounds just scientific enough to work !
BUT THAT MAKES THINGS WORSE THAN EVER ! EVERYBODY IS GOING TO BECOME A BABY OR SOMETHING !
Let my last words be an incentive against the words " blog " and " blogosphere " !
I have lived as few men dared dream !
Man , forget verbs !
You heard me !
From now on , I am all about other , less complex parts of speech . Verbs don't understand me !
Maybe you don't understand verbs ?
Maybe ADJECTIVES wouldn't force us to have such conversations !
Okay T - Rex , I'm not sure what's going on here , but without verbs we cannot run or play or smile or even be !
True ! But , we can awesome !
And we can sexy !
We can certainly sexy , that's true !
!
" We can sexy " is totally going to be my epitaph !
For reals !
Someone at my house finished off a bag of milk , and then put it back in the fridge without replacing it with a new bag !
That's so annoying !
Also , it's very confusing since I live alone !
What do you think , Dromiceiomimus ? Am I going crazy ? Am I finishing off the milk and then COMPLETELY FORGETTING ABOUT IT ?
It seems unlikely !
What else could it be ? Is someone breaking into my house just to drink my milk ? I don't really mind , I guess - I'd just like to know .
How come these things always happen to you ?
It's not my fault !
Well , I'm just pointing out that across all these wacky situations , you're the one element of continuity .
Why would I screw myself over by not putting a new bag of milk back ? That's crazy !
I USUALLY DON'T PUT A NEW BAG BACK EITHER
Was it you ? !
NO JUST -
VOLUTEERING INFORMATION
Ssh ! Come closer !
I know secrets !
SECRETS OF THE MEDICAL PROFESSION !
T - REX IN : SECRETS OF THE MEDICAL PROFESSION
Oh , is this one of those dumb Conspiracy Secrets , wherein fluoride is actually designed to induce pregnancy in freshly married women or something ?
What ?
Huh ?
So what's the secret ?
Oh right ! Well , the secret is that when doctors and nurses are " taking your pulse " , they're not actually doing that !
Really ?
Really ! They're actually discreetly observing your breathing . They do it on the sly because if you're aware of it , it changes !
Aw man , way to ruin me for any doctor ! Now I might have a respiratory problem and I'LL NEVER KNOW .
Hah hah ! I am an agent of CHAOS !
Oh man , I ate too much last night .
Ooooh man !
I had SO much food , Dromiceiomimus . I thought I'd be smart and cook enough food for lunch the next day , but then I ate it all .
G - great ?
Ooooh man !
Hey , here's a friendly tip : you shouldn't try to impress women by bragging about how much you can eat !
Dude ! I wasn't trying to IMPRESS her ; I was just relaying an amusing anecdote from my own recent history !
Amusing ?
Yeah , I ate a lot !
Ha ha !
YEARS LATER , A PARTY :
So , I thought I'd cook enough for the next day as well !
I'm not impressed !
Not YET ! But , allow me to continue . . .
" FIFTY - TWO MOVIES IN FIFTY - TWO DAYS "
I challenge myself to watch fifty - two movies in fifty - two days !
FIFTY - TWO DAYS LATER :
Some of them were pretty okay , I guess .
* sigh *
Hey , YOU look like you're feeling a little disillusioned about film !
Good eye !
I am , a little ! It wasn't the point of my experiment , but holy , there are SO MANY BAD MOVIES .
There's so many bad everythings !
It's true ! My friend , have we become elitist snobs ? Are we too good for anything ?
Have we - finally - become " too cool for school " ?
Man , my source for medical secrets won't tell me anything now , because I " broke her confidence " when I told everyone about the breathing thing !
Hah hah !
Oh well !
I know tons of secrets about other professions anyway ! Dromiceiomimus , did you know that restaurants want you to fill up on bread ?
But if you've already ordered your meal , why would they ? They still get their money either way .
It is the essential paradox of the restaurateur !
Your medical secrets were much more compelling !
Yes , well - that's over now !
The only other medical secret I know is that doctors may discreetly ask an elderly patient about his central vision by asking him if he has any trouble reading the numbers on his stove .
Lame !
I guess there's consequences to breaking confidences , eh T - Rex ?
Whatever , man !
WHAT to the EV to the E R !
Submit it to me , youngster !
And all the ladies proclaim that I'm quite adequate for a man of my racial denomination !
You are aware of the difficulty entailed in simply managing one's life today !
The one whom we're considering is not popular , but he attempts to five off that air nonetheless .
He may be unaware of certain pertinent pieces of information , and he may not be urbane . . .
But that which he does not possess , well , be assured that he substitutes for it in his own mind !
Attention ! Attention ! Engage that neoteric device !
I'm tired of movies and plays and radio dramas in which all the characters have such snappy dialogue !
It's unrealistic !
It really yanks me out of the moment . How am I supposed to imagine myself being there , when everyone talks like they know their lines ?
And also , sometimes like they're part of a larger work with a distinct thematic focus . Forget that !
So you want " natural " dialogues in your constructed fictions ?
Yep !
And , um -
Sorry , what were we talking about there ? I just remembered I have to mail a letter today
Man , never - mind !
Oh ho ! Did I just do that on purpose ? AM I REALLY THAT CLEVER ? ?
What's for dinner ?
The first law of thermodynamics :
Important !
The second law of thermodynamics : somewhat less important .
If the laws were personified , I'd feel sorry for the second law ! He'd be the affable loser , dressed in his brothers second - hand patchy tweed . Aww !
Well , I'D invite him over for dinner ! We'd have chops !
Hey , T - Rex ?
Oh hey , I'm glad you came by : I was just imagining how nice I'd be to the somewhat - less - important law of thermodynamics if it were personified . I'd have sympathy dinners !
Wow , that's crazy ! I'll come back when you're less INSANE , because the second law is still really important !
LATER :
HEY I CAN PERSONIFY THEM FOR REAL IF YOU WANT
No worries !
T - REX WHAT'S GOING ON MAN THINGS ARE PRETTY GREAT EH
What ? ! Who is this ?
IT'S ME THE DEVIL
Leave me alone !
HEY
I HAVE MY OWN PLAYSTATION
So ? !
I have my own refrigerator , and you don't see me bragging !
Who are you talking to ?
The Devil ! He won't leave me alone , and all he's doing is bragging about the video game consoles he owns .
Man , you've got your own personal theology going , eh ?
I GOT THIS NEW GAME WHERE YOU HAVE TO CLAP TO THE BEAT TO WIN
Nobody cares ! !
YOU GO CLAP CLAP CLAP
LEVEL THREE IS A PARTICULAR CHALLENGE
Ohhhhhhhhhhhh !
There's water in the basement and I don't know what to do !
If the basement keeps on flooding , then I'll certainly be blue !
The water heater's leaking and my showers are all cold !
I wouldn't mind so much , but it makes me feel so old !
Oooh , boo on the last line of your song , my friend !
Boo ?
Yeah ! The story was holding together pretty well until you got to that point , but cold showers make you feel old ? Not really ! They wake you up , mostly .
On the other hand , I thought " feeling blue " tied into the water theme well !
Thanks for your thoughts !
Hey , anytime !
" Best friends forever "
So !
Time to discuss my lovemaking technique !
whoa whoa whoa ! T - Rex ! Nobody wants to hear about your lovemaking 'technique' !
Okay , how about my lovemaking strategy ?
No ! Good gosh , this talk belongs in the bedroom , IF ANYWHERE !
Wow , you sure got shot down there , my friend !
I don't get it !
I wasn't going to BRAG ! My lovemaking technique consists of a series of awkward fumbles and whispered apologies .
Whoa !
I whisper apologies over and over while maintaining unbroken eye contact .
Holy shit !
Hah ! Just kidding !
I guess this is how rumours get started , huh ?
By mining the Earth's outer ( liquid ) core , I can sell precious iron , thereby giving profits to myself and my business partners !
Profits ! !
Would you like to buy some PRECIOUS IRON , featuring nickel and trace amounts of lighter elements , Dromiceiomimus ?
No thanks !
That's okay ! I'll keep mining it , in case you change your mind .
T - Rex , we were fools ! The Earth's core has destabilized because of us !
We'll all be dead soon !
Maybe this isn't the best business idea ever .
Maybe ! I've got a better one anyway .
Come one , come all to the Circus of the Improbable !
Featuring me !
I have come up with the best science fiction story idea ever !
It's about a man . . .
A man who can only see well when a light is turned on !
Most guys I know are like that , T - Rex .
But this guy can only see ANYWHERE when a particular light is turned on ! Even when he's outside of the room with the light ! Even when he's on the BEACH . If the light switch is turned off , so too are his eyes !
So what's the hook ? As science fiction , where's the thinly - veiled social allegory to our world ?
Huh ? There's no allegory . Just a twist at the end when we find out the whole thing was psychosomatic !
But then how would he know when the light is actually on ?
That's part of the fiction !
The SCIENCE fiction ! !
TALKING DINOSAURS IN : " THE FALLACY OF BALANCE "
The fallacy of balance occurs when news agencies claim truth by reporting " both sides of the story " !
In most cases , that's not balanced at all !
For instance , if you're doing a story on how the sun is hot ( assuming it's a slow news day ) , you don't spend half the story presenting a guy who thinks the sun is cold ! You ignore the crazy minority .
But often , when science is reported , equal credence is given to the kooks and their kooky theories ! Science is presented as merely an opposing viewpoint .
Wow , I had no idea you were so fascist !
I'm not !
" Hey everyone , look at me ! I'm T - Rex ! My truth is the right truth ! "
That's not me !
There's degrees ! Science is based on repeatable observation !
Sounds like a fine line to me , my friend !
HEY TELL HIM ABOUT MY BUSINESS IDEA
Dude ! I'm busy !
MAN
Such a nice day ! YES , MAYBE A LITTLE BRISK BUT THAT'S OKAY !
Yes indeed , it is a nice day , to be sure !
What's with all the shouting , T - Rex ?
I THINK THAT'S PRETTY CLEAR , BUT I GUESS I SHOULD ANSWER HER QUESTION . I figure our innermost thoughts are kept privae too often , so I've decided to shout mine to the world !
HEY , WHY AM I HUNGRY ? I JUST ATE A FEW HOURS AGO . I HAD A CHICKEN SAMMICH . I THINK ?
T - Rex ! !
Dude , keep your voice down ! What's the big deal ? I could hear you a kilometer off !
I am having an inner dialogue !
So ? You don't need to shout it !
MY FRIEND , IT'S CLEAR THAT SHOUTING IS THE BEST WAY TO HAVE INNER DIALOGUES . I AGREE
HEY
T - REX
? !
IT'S THE DEVIL
Leave me alone you crazy bastard !
HEY
HAVE YOU EVER PLAYED THE VIDEO GAME " COMMAND AND CONQUER : RED ALERT "
No ! !
THE MAMMOTH TANKS ARE ONE OF THE MORE POWERFUL UNITS IN THE GAME
THEY PRESENT A FORMIDABLE FORCE TO ANY OPPONENT
Argh ! ! So inane !
Who's inane ?
The Devil !
All he wants to do is talk about these stupid games I've never played ! He KNOWS I've never played them , and yet - the chatter CONTINUES !
At least he's not tricking you for your soul !
I'd PREFER that !
THE TESLA COILS ARE A WISE DEFENSIVE STRATEGY
Never played it ! !
FEW CAN SURVIVE THEIR ELECTRICAL ONSLAUGHT
So what's the deal with SISTERHOOD ?
Hah hah !
Am I right ?
Oh , T - Rex ! Are you upset because as a male , you'll never be able to know the small joys and frustrations of having and being a sister ?
No way ! I know all about sisterhood ! I know all about all sorts of things .
I don't think you do ! I think this is something which almost by definition is unknowable for you .
Well even if it WAS , I could always get a sex change and a new family or something . I don't know ! How nuanced can it be to be a member of a set of two mutually female siblings ?
You'll never know !
Do you ever wonder what the pillow fights are like ?
I no longer wish to die someday ! It's true ! I have decided that aging is for CHUMPS .
And as a non - chump , this means I must find a way to be immortal !
T - Rex , we've gone over this before ! Remember ? Immrtality could violate conservation of energy laws ? Science means that not all dreams can come true ?
This is true ! But I have found a LOOPHOLE . A loophole . . . in science !
Mind describing this " loophole " , T - Rex ?
Sure ! I will simply freeze TIME ITSELF .
That way we ALL get to live forever without breaking any universal laws ! Watch !
Wait , WAIT ! We'll never be able to become unfrozen , because that action requires time ! !
I'm sure I have no idea what you're tal -
TIMELESS AGES LATER :
There are a few moments in my life at which , I can now see in hindsight , critical events took place .
These events set in motion other events which finally led to the person I am today !
For instance : Dromiceiomimus ! Had you and I never met , I would never have become so good at Scrabble !
Well , ah ha , I'm not sure that you wouldn't have picked it up somewhere else !
Still ! Things would be different !
That's the best example you can come up with ? Scrabble ?
Well !
All I really wanted to point out was that it's cool to think about these things sometimes . You know , like chance jobs where you met friends ( or perhaps LOVERS ? ) - things like that !
I'm not convinced that such small events can have that large an impact !
MEANWHILE , IN A PARALLEL " FRENCH RAP " UNIVERSE :
Oui oui tout le monde - et ca n' arret pas ! !
Je veux une petite quelque chose quelque chose !
Here are some amusing observations about everyday life !
1 ) Men stereotypically leave the toilet seat up !
2 ) Parking spaces can be rare .
3 ) Airplane food ?
Well . . . that's it !
The first of your " amusing observations " seems almost reverse sexist !
Explain !
Well , you're making jokes about men , but that's because they're the safe target ! They're usually seen as having power in society . Would you make an equivalent joke about a woman ?
Sheesh , of course I would ! I make jokes about whomever I please !
OUR STORY TAKES A SUDDEN DIVE . . . INTO GRAMMATICAL SCRUTINY !
Is " whom " a necessary English construction ? Its role as object is already indicated by syntax .
I discovered some bad news yesterday : my bicycle needs a new seat !
The SHAFT upon which the seat is MOUNTED has become bent !
Whoah , T - Rex ! Such sexualized language !
I'm sorry ! It's just hard to talk about bicycles without sexualized language . That's the nature of the beast !
I also need a new PUMP for my tires .
I'm pretty sure you could avoid this if you wanted , T - Rex !
I really don't think I could !
To summarize : the THRUST of what I'm saying is -
" Thrust " ?
- apparently unable to PENETRATE your skepticism -
You're not impressing anyone , T - Rex !
YEAH I'M NOT IMPRESSED EITHER
Really ?
OKAY MAYBE JUST A LI'L
Spring Break ! !
Woooo !
Wooo !
SPRING BREAK !
Woah , hold up ! WHICH spring break , T - Rex ? You don't go to school !
Nevertheless , I feel I am entitled to one !
Woooo !
Spring break WOOO ! !
You think that if you shout " woo ! " enough , a party will form , don't you ?
The thought DID cross my mind !
Well it won't work ! It takes more than shouting " spring break " and " woo " to make a party happen !
My theory and teen movies would disagree with you my friend !
Spring break !
WOOOOOO !
DANCING LADIES AND TASTY SNACKS SUDDENLY APPEAR JUST OFFSCREEN :
Excellent !
Yes my friends , spring will be coming soon !
Hooray ! !
Spring is my favourite season , Dromiceiomimus . Do you know why ?
Nope !
It is my favourite season because it is so pretty !
Wait - just a few months ago you told me summer was your favourite season !
Oops !
Could it be that you've been LYING to us , and that you don't really HAVE a favourite season ?
No , I wasn't lying !
I just - - um !
NO ONE BELIEVES T - REX EVER AGAIN :
Fuuuuck
Today I believe in temporal presentism ! Only the objects around me are real . They exist in space , but not in time !
Neither the past nor the future actually exists !
Each moment is unique , and life is but series of moments , connected by our memories ! We speak of events occurring in the past only as a matter of convenience .
So the past is an illusion , eh ?
Yep !
Yet we're having a conversation and you remember what's going on !
Aha , my friend ! That's only because this present moment is predicated on past moments being as they were .
This is a stupid theory ! It doesn't get you anything !
It does explain why time travel isn't possible ! You can't visit a past or future that doesn't exist !
Th - That's pretty much it !
Today is Valentine's day !
Hah hah ! Sucks to THAT !
I believe it to be a MANUFACTURED HOLIDAY . Last year it brought me nothing but trouble , so this year I am going out of my way to make sure that everyone knows they don't have to celebrate their love if they don't want to !
Isn't that kind of a jerky thing to do ?
Perhaps !
More than perhaps ! Lots of people just use Valentine's day as an excuse for spending time with their sweeties , commercialism or not . Nothing ruins a romantic evening like a T - Rex barging in and calling it a corporate - sponsored fraud !
IT'S TRUE :
You jerk !
You'll thank me when you share my politics !
" DINOSAUR LAFFS " featuring t - rex the dinosaur
Hey God ! Check this out !
OKAY
A horse walks into a bar and the bartender says " why the long face ? "
T - REX I'M GOD AND I SAY THAT IS NOT A VERY GOOD JOKE
What ? ! It was awesome !
HORSES have long faces !
LITERAL long faces !
I bet you don't know much about good jokes anyway !
WELL ACTUALLY
Hey T - Rex !
Oh hey Utahraptor ! Check this out : a dog with a missing foot hobbles into a bar and drawls " I'm looking for the man who shot my paw " !
Huh ?
Because sometimes cowboys' parents got shot ?
Oh ! Oh man - that is an awful joke !
TELL HIM I'M GOD AND I AGREE WITH HIS ACCURATE ASSESSMENT
I won't !
BUT YOU AGREE IT'S AN ACCURATE ASSESSMENT THOUGH RIGHT
IT'S PRETTY ACCURATE
FACTS WHICH MAY OR MAY NOT BE TRUE ABOUT MOTORCYCLE ENTHUSIASTS COMICS
Motorcycle enthusiasts call cars " cages " !
Motorcycle enthusiasts enjoy " souping up " their rides almost as much as anime fans enjoy the classic " Battle Angel Alita " graphic novels !
Wow !
Motorcycle enthusiasts tell each other apart by their helmet " street tags " !
I know !
But did YOU know that some motorcycle enthusiasts refer to long motorcycle rides as " numb bumming " ?
In fact I did ! Did YOU know that some enthusiasts subscribe to magazines focused on their particular enthusiasm ?
DEDICATED TO MOTORCYCLE ENTHUSIASTS AROUND THE WORLD
YOU GUYS SURE DO LIKE TO RIDE MOTORCYCLES
My friends , I have written a new book !
A book for CHILDREN !
My book is called " Happy Dog the Happy Dog " and it mixes the story of Happy Dog with important lessons I've chosen about life ! It also features adorable drawings of happy dogs . Amazing !
So let's hear some of this amazing book !
I'd be pleased to give a reading !
" Happy Dog the happy dog is the happiest dog on his street ! He loves to play in the grass . Everyone you know will one day be dead ! "
Whoah , what ? ! T - Rex ! That's awful !
" Happy Dog loves to play fetch with a young boy named Timmy ! Timmy is Happy Dog's best friend . Timmy is made out of meat . Your whole family is made out of meat . "
What's up ?
Lessons in Sharing : Featuring T - Rex
mm ! strawberry , my favourite !
C'mon T - Rex ! We got 2 straws for a reason !
Having proper posture is very important !
Stop slouching !
Having proper posture enables me to stomp this house without injuring my delicate , ladylike ankles !
Here , I'll demonstrate again , this time on a tiny human lady !
Uh . . . T - Rex ?
First of all , you're hardly qualified to talk about proper posture . Yours is awful ! Second , what's the deal with you talking about how ladylike your ankles are ? That's just weird !
No it's not ! You're just jealous !
Whatever . I'm outta here .
Stand up straight !
I'm a dinosaur ! We're not supposed to stand up straight !
We . . . we're not ?
Oh nooooo !
Man , I'm getting fed up with fighting these ninjas all the time . . .
. . . REALLY fed up !
Don't you get fed up with fighting ninjas all the time t - rex ?
Do I ? Hell Yeah ! Maybe if I smash their log dojo and ninja - mobile they'll leave me alone .
Still figting ninjas t - rex ?
You know it ! Perhaps if I stomp their beautiful ( yet deadly ) leader , 'Black Lotus' , I can end it for good !
you will never defeat us ! AIE !
Wow , I thought you'd never finish fighting those ninjas !
Me either !
So what are you going to do with your life now ?
I don't know , settle down maybe . I always wanted to be a farmer .
Later , at the farm . . .
squee ! squee !
Oh no ! Mars bats !
Too much of my life has been spent on not being a magician . It's time to change all that .
For my first trick , I will make an entire house disappear !
ABRA - CAD -
I can magically change myself into a raptor .
See ?
People of space , I hear your plea . . .
" Avenge me , T - Rex ! "
Or , should I say . . .
Space Rex !
Soon . . .
Do you hear it , my trusted sidekick ?
The silent screams of millions ?
No , I . . . guess it's just you . Mister , uh . . .
Space Rex !
Bwaha !
With my killing ray , I . . .
Professor Utiarty . . .
Will take over the world !
The world of space !
Utiarty , the only thing you'll be killing is time . . .
In space prison !
Ah , but you see , as easily as I can swap my monocle . .
I can steal your goggles , Space Rex !
Or , should I say , T - Rex !
He . . . He knows !
They all know !
Oh no ! With his secret identity no longer a secret , is this the end of Space Rex ? ! Find out on the next exciting episode of . . . Space Rex !
Ah , another beautiful day .
. . . OR IS IT ! ?
. . . What ? What kind of question was that ?
I'm attempting to build dramatic tension !
I really don't think you can turn the relative beauty of weather into a dramatic event , T - Rex .
Oh , but that's where you're wrong ! Even as we speak , listeners are inching closer to our conversation , sweat beginning to form at their brows . " What is it , " they wonder , " good . . . or bad ? " Each moment we delay . . . their anticipation grows . . . ever . . . stronger . . . .
And now , the exciting conclusion !
Actually , it's a bit brisk for my tastes !
It's decided !
Change is good !
If I change this cup : recyclable material !
Gasp !
My children's children would thank me !
Wait !
You're ignoring some of the immediate consequences of your actions .
My root beer !
Change can be very bad
Oh man , there were a whole bunch of raccoons hanging around outside my house last night ! I was like ,
Aaaaaahhhh !
Hah hah ! I don't believe it ! T - Rex - you're afraid of raccoons !
There's nothing funny about this ! They're damned freaky animals ! They're SMART and CUNNING and they sit on the heads of dogs to drown them !
What ?
They do !
And their hands - their little , nimble , probing hands !
Wow - you're really afraid of those cute little guys !
They're not cute : they're freaky ! They know too much ! They open up jars and stuff !
That night :
T - REX , WE PUT OUR MINDS TO IT AND TAUGHT OURSELVES ENGLISH !
Holy Shit ! Leave me alone !
T - REX -
WE WERE NOT MEANT TO BE
Damned sinister raccoons are still hanging around outside my house ! And just when I thought things couldn't get more freaky , their cephalopod friends showed up !
I was like ,
" What ? AAAAHHHHH ! "
Cephalopods ? Like squid ?
Squid cuttlefish , and other similarly baleful creatures are all members of the cephalopod family , characterized by HUGE EYS , BEAKS , INTELLIGENCE , and AMBITION .
I thought cephalopods were underwater animals !
They played us for suckers !
Well , maybe they're friendly ! Maybe they just want to be your friend ?
They're jet powered , did you know that ? They're jet - powered animals and their heads are covered in PREHENSILE TENTACLES . They're carnivorous and most are cannibals !
THAT NIGHT :
I don't want any trouble , cephalopods !
T - REX , WE'RE GOING TO SNEAK INTO BED WITH YOU TONIGHT !
WE'LL BE LIKE
" HELLO T - REX "
So the good news is that the raccoons and cephalopods aren't hanging around my house anymore !
The BAD news is that they've moved in together next door !
Really ! Wow , that's quite a development !
Yeah , quite a sinister development ! The two animals I find the freakiest develop the ability to talk and move in next door ? I do not need to know animals with these abilities !
Hey , do you think these recent events in your life could be an allegory for racism ?
Not really ! It's not racist to like some animals and not others . Besides , I'm not irrationally against raccoons and cephalopods : they've threatened me ! They wait menacingly outside my house for me to come home !
And " some of your best friends are raccoons and cephalopods " , right ?
THAT NIGHT :
Cephalopod and raccoon neighbours , I respect your unique worldview !
YOU ALWAYS HAVE SUCH NICE THINGS TO SAY , T - REX .
COME CLOSER , T - REX
GIVE US A KISS
We join our story as T - Rex is relaying dumb stories he's heard and believes to be true .
Time to educate my peers . . . through the medium of incredibly true facts !
Hello Dromiceiomimus ! Did you know that if you held your eyes open when you sneezed , the could pop out ? Pop !
Really ? That seems pretty improbable , since I know that eyelids closing is just incidental to the sneezing refl -
It's true ! ! They could just pop out like CRAZY .
Hey , are you going around telling people stories ?
True stories ! FACTS ! Want to hear one ?
These wouldn't happen to be URBAN LEGENDS , would they , T - Rex ?
Of course not ! Ha ha ! So , um . . . here's a fun fact about trumpet players : each saves the contents of their spit valve in a mason jar , and chugs it at the end of the year !
I don't know why !
SAD COMICS
It's true !
Sometimes I get a little sad !
You wouldn't guess it from my rugged exterior , but beneath my tremendous frame beats the heart of a sensitive man . So sensitive !
T - Rex , you're talking about how sensitive you are while simultaneously stomping on things !
Yes , well - I realize that now , Utahraptor , and it makes me very Sad !
You don't look very sad to me !
I'm sad on the inside !
Seriously , check it out :
" Boo hoo hoo ! Let's have a lengthy discussion about FEELINGS . "
Wooo ! I'm talking the talk ! !
I've changed my mind ! You know what's great ?
Nostalgia !
Hot Wheels ( TM ) cars !
Simpler videogames !
Less swearing on the radio ?
Woooo !
LATER :
. . . BMX ( TM ) bikes !
Are you listing things that you find nostalgic ?
I am !
But doesn't it take more than simply listing old things to really be nostalgic ?
Nope !
LATER :
Ninja turtles !
GREETINGS TO YOU T - REX
The Devil ! !
What's that matter : run out of video games ?
NO THE VIDEOED GAMES ARE QUITE PLENTIFUL INDEED
I HAVE BEEN PLAYING SEVERAL MMORPGS OF LATE
Huh ?
THEY ARE GAMES PLAYED ONLINE WITH A LARGE NUMBER OF STRANGERS
THE EXPERIENCE IS UNPARALLELED
Man , I don't want to hear about it !
Talking to the Devil again ?
He's the one talking to ME ! I didn't ask for this !
Well , have you tried getting rid of him ? Hey T - Rex , isn't it great how the Devil is PRETTY LAME ?
I WOULD DISAGREE WITH THAT PARTICULAR ASSESSMENT
T - REX YOUR COMPANION IS CLEARLY UNFAMILIAR WITH MY PROWESS IN THE REALM OF MMORPGS
Must be nice ! !
THE CHRONICLES OF MY DARK ELF CHARACTER ARE ASSUREDLY THE STUFF OF LEGEND
I sent an email to some dude today , and it came back with a verification message I had to reply to in order to prove I was " legit " !
Stupid whitelist spam protection systems !
Huh ? You don't like spam protection systems ?
Not these ones ! They're inherently flawed , assuming you ever want to hear from someone you don't already know . If two strangers have a whitelist system , then either they can never talk to each other , or they still get spam !
They'll still get spam ?
Of course !
Because if verification emails can get through , then it won't be long until spammers send messages that look enough like them to also get through . There's still a hole ! And if you seal it , you miss real verification emails .
I guess so . Anyway ! Let's go play TOUCH FOOTBALL !
SOON :
I'm open ! I'm open ! I'm open !
So ! Life proceeds , despite the fact that I've got the freakiest neighbors ever . Who wants to live next door to sinister raccoons and cephalopods ?
Not me !
The ONLY advantage I can think of is that it'll be cool on Hallowe'en . That's it ! And that's not even much of an advantage , actually ! Not even !
T - Rex , did you ever think that maybe they're just as scared of you as you are of them ?
Hah !
Seriously ! You could be quite imposing to someone who doesn't know you !
Man , these animals are WITHOUT FEAR . I don't see how acting like I'm not afraid will help things !
THAT NIGHT :
ARE YOU AFRIAD OF US , NEIGHBOR ?
No way dudes ! Nothing you can say will scare me !
COME BLEED WITH US . COME BLEED WITH US , T - REX .
Oh man , I'm still a little tired from last night !
Time to go and get some HEARTY MAN SLEEP !
" Hearty man sleep " ?
Damn straight Dromiceiomimus ! I am recently ALL ABOUT adding " man " in front of things to make them sound all the more manly . You should see me man snooze ! I man snooze with a pure MAN FURY .
Does this work for " woman " too ?
Possibly !
But I definitely have no interest in finding out ! All I want to do today is have lots of man naps and stomp on things with my stern man foot .
That's your call , I guess !
By the way , " man naps " sounds pretty suggestive !
I know , but I can't figure out a way to stop that !
I live with my man failings .
So what's the deal with . . .
. . . POST - COMMUNISM ?
You're going to have to define that for me , T - Rex !
It's what comes after communism , I think . Basically , what's the deal with it ?
You don't have any idea what post - communism is , do you T - Rex ?
I freely admit that I do not !
But I ask : assuming it exists , what is its deal ?
Are you really interested ? Is this your way of showing interest ? I could tell you all about it if you want .
Please !
SHORTLY :
Really ? No state has ever claimed to have reached a fully communist system , and so the term is inaccurate , etymologically speaking ? That's pretty cool !
Would it not be pretty neat to average out your emotional states across your entire life ?
I bet I'd never be sad again !
But you'd never be happy again either ! You'd probably be in this grey state of apathy for every second of the rest of your life ! That doesn't sound appealing to me : always being out of sync with your friends , never knowing when to smile . . .
No way Dromiceiomimus ! I bet that I would be on average at least KIND of happy .
But what if you ended up being sad ?
Sad ?
Yeah , what if you ended up being sad ? It would be so tragic , especially if you had been pretty happy up to now ! You'd feel - and you'd KNOW - that one day it's all going to go horribly wrong .
That would be pretty awful , knowing that on the whole , your life is one of sadness !
MEANWHILE , IN THE UNIVERSE WHERE THIS HAPPENED AND T - REX DIED IN A REALLY TERRIFYING WAY :
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH
hhuuh
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH
Here are some bad things to say to someone who just broke up with his long - term girlfriend !
" Wasn't she the best ever ? "
" I was always impressed with her wit , her beauty , her intelligence and her sense of humour . "
" It's too bad you never go married , eh ? "
" I had a bit of a crush on her too ! She was a cutie . "
" I bet shew was a good kisser , huh ? "
" Was she a good kisser ? "
" Do you remember kissing her ? "
" Was it nice ? "
" Pretty nice ? " " Are you worried that one day you'll forget what it was like ? "
" Wouldn't that be sad ? "
I concede that , sometimes , it's nice to be polite ! However !
I also believe that it's NOT nice to be insincere . I am in conflict !
This is because there are situations in which being polite implies being insincere . For example , I may think someone looks pretty ridiculous in their fancy new hat , but if they ask me what I think , I'll try to say SOMETHING positive about it ! In order not to hurt their feelings , I am polite in sharing my opinion .
But it's understood that people will try to be polite , so this insincerity is okay !
Huh ?
If everyone knows people are being insincere , then what's the point of polliteness ? We end up in the same place , semantically speaking .
Not really ! Since there is always SOME doubt as to whether someone is just being polite , one can always take something as a compliment !
Hold that thought .
HEY YOU ! ACROSS THE STREET !
I LIKE YOUR FRIGGIN' HAT !
Today is a good day I think for more SECRETS of the MEDICAL PROFESSION !
Wooo ! Secrets ! !
Dromiceiomimus , you know how doctors will hit your knee with a hammer to test your reflexes ?
Indeed I do !
WELL ! In some cases the patient will be too aware of what's going on , and the test won't work . In such cases the patient is asked to lock their hands togetehr and pull them in opposite directions . This distraction allows the test to succeed !
I believe this is called the " Jendrassik Maneuver " !
That's a pretty sinister name !
You're telling me ! What's neat about it , though , is that it's AUTOMATIC . Even if you're aware that it's a distraction , the Maneuver still works !
Really ?
Yep ! It's a neurological distraction affecting the pathways between the central nervous system and the motor neurons , dishibiting any tonic ( i . e . : baseline ) inhibitions . DOCTORS , huh ?
Today is an excellend day I think for walking aroudn like I own the place !
Woo ! Looks like my day just got filled up !
Dromiceiomimus , would you say that I'm an excellent dude for walking around like I own the place ?
Actually , my friend , I would disagree ! I think there are more productive uses of your time .
I'll let history be the judge of that !
That's a pretty suspect saying , don't you think ?
WHAT
Seriously ! It's predicated on history always being a story of progression , with the future assumed to be a better judge of what's right than the present . I'm not sure that's valid ! Plus , I'm certain there's things that have been variously judged to be good and bad at different points in history !
Okay , so what if I said " I think I'll let an assumed future history which agress with my current position be the judge of THAT ! " ?
Then I'd cancel our bowling plans on Saturday !
Noooo !
INTERNET DIARY COMICS
Hey , I have a great idea ! I'll get a webpage , and then I'll put up all sorts of personal stuff about myself and my friends on it !
Then when it blows up in my face , I'll - Um !
Anyway , to the internet !
OPTIMISM COMIS
Hello T - Rex ! How are you today ?
Hello my friend ! I'm fine !
Great ! Listen , T - Rex , we've known each other for a long time , right ?
Right !
Right ! Well , there's something I've been meaning to tell you - something I should have said when we first met . . .
Sweet !
Everybody dies .
But we've still got some time !
In order to make things easier for myself AND my peers , I am construction a personl Enemies of T - Rex List ( Enemies List ) !
Featuring : corporations !
First on my list are the people who make those cans of frozen concentrated juice at the grocery store . When I open them , they sometimes explode a little juice on me !
I think it's because water expands when it's frozen and so the can is under pressure , and there's a little melted juice at the top ? I don't know . But they're on the list ! Also : 1970s American popular culture .
Listen T - Rex , are you really sure you want an Enemies List ?
Why wouldn't I ?
Well - it just doesn't seem very charitable , that's all . Plus , if you need a list to remember your enemies , maybe it's better if you just forgave and forgot ?
I guess I just don't see what you gain by having such a list , much less a well - publicised one !
Dude ! You're coming close to questioning the very IDEA of an enemies list !
Man , the coolest thing ever ?
Skateboarding out of a friggin' crashing helicopter !
The ONLY way it could be better is if you yelled " EXTREME ! " on the way down . " Whoah ! Extreme ! ! "
That is pretty extreme !
You know it ! And plus , you could do extreme tricks on the way down - like a backside lipslide 50 - 50 fakie !
Oh man , what if people continued skateboarding INSIDE of the crashing helicopter ?
!
I hadn't even thought of that !
Yeah , and when it crashes everyone thinks they're dead , but then they burst out of the rubble on their skateboards yelling " EXTREME ! " and do ollies on the crumpled - up chassis !
That is pretty friggin' extreme !
Extreme !
EXTREME ! !
Whoaaaaah !
Last night I started to write my own autobiography ! However , I had to stop after a while because , as it turns out , my life is NOT THAT INTERESTING .
Imagine my dismay at coming to such a realization !
Therefore I have resolved to make my life better " copy " and will , from now on , style my activities such that they'll be appealing to a hyopthetical audience !
I will be forever on stage , performing !
This is a very common fantasy among children !
Oh yes ?
Yeah ! It's the idea that they're being watched on TV or by aliens or something . Not only does it make one feel important , but it's comforting to think that someone is there to share in your victories and defeats .
I imagine that is very true !
HEY T - REX IF YOU'RE TRYING TO MAKE THINGS INTERESTING THIS CONVERSATION TOTALLY ISN'T HELPING
God ! ! Hey , want to watch me go spice things up when I make . . . NAKED SUB SANDWICHES ?
I'M COOL
" Mary was a young girl , 15 years old , and desperately in love with her next door neighbour , Tom . "
" It was three years before the Great War ! "
" Tom sat on his porch in the cooling night . 'How do you do ? ' said Mary , curtseying slightly . 'Hullo Mary , ' said Tom , 'How are your folks . ' He raised his voice so slightly that it was not a question , but Mary didn't notice . She was wearing here prettiest dress , the one with the blue floral print that her mother had sewn for her on her birthday . Mary smiled . "
What are you doing , T - Rex ?
I'm writing a story !
It's a heartwarming story about two children growing up in a simpler time , a time when gender roles were clear and children played hopscotch on their way home from school !
Wow , that's pr -
Hah hah , just kidding !
Oh man , did I get you ? Did I get you ?
I - I guess ?
What if I said I'm not really kidding ?
I've been thinking about gender roles ! Is gender a social construct ?
Or , does it refer specifically to the persuasion of one's naughty bits ?
Well T - Rex , it can't be a purely biological construct , because there are people born intersexed !
This is true ! Plus , people's ideas of " masculine " and " feminine " change over time and across cultures . I don't think either a purely social OR biological explanation satisfies !
It's a very tricky question , and one that many people feel strongly about !
Indeed !
Besides , even if we do assume that gender is some mixture of both societal and biological self , all that gets us is a murky combination of influences , predisposition and societal feedback that may be impossible to untangle .
Hey , let's try though !
AMAZINGLY , T - REX AND UTAHRAPTOR SOLVE ALL POSSIBLE ISSUES OF GENDER . . . BETWEEN PANELS !
You the man , my friend !
No , YOU the man !
Hah hah ! How delightfully droll !
I've been thinking about gender roles ! Is gender a social construct ?
Or , does it refer specifically to the persuasion of one's naughty bits ?
Well T - Rex , it can't be a purely biological construct , because there are people born intersexed !
This is true ! Plus , people's ideas of " masculine " and " feminine " change over time and across cultures . I don't think either a purely social OR biological explanation satisfies !
It's a very tricky question , and one that many people feel strongly about !
Indeed !
Besides , even if we do assume that gender is some mixture of both societal and biological self , all that gets us is a murky combination of influences , predisposition and societal feedback that may be impossible to untangle .
Hey , let's try though !
AMAZINGLY , T - REX AND UTAHRAPTOR SOLVE ALL POSSIBLE ISSUES OF GENDER . . . BETWEEN PANELS !
You the man , my friend !
No , YOU the man !
Hah hah ! How delightfully droll !
Alright , alright . Things I Need To Do Today :
Get dog food for my very angry dog !
Buy some food for me while I'm at it . Write a letter to my Grandmother whom I love dearly . Laundry !
Sounds like you've got a lot of chores to take care of today !
I do !
Oh , but the Grandmother letter isn't a chore . I like writing letters , and especially letters to my Grandmother !
You're a good grandson !
I know it !
BUT T - REX FORGETS TO WRITE FOR LIKE THREE MONTHS :
I AM THE WORST GRANDSON EVER .
LOGICAL FALLACY COMICS : today's fallacy : " THE STRAW MAN "
The " Straw Man " fallacy isn't so much a fallacy as it is a way of life !
In this fallacy , you present an altered version of your opponent's argument in order to make it appear absurd ! You then tear apart this weaker , ridiculous argument and claim victory . Basically it can be summarized as " make stuff up and attribute it to your opponent " ! Haha ! EXCELLENT .
What ? It's not excellent , T - Rex ! It's bad argument technique !
Maybe !
BUT , it's also a great way to win debates . And if anyone calls you on it , you just say " Come on . Your attack on me is the real straw man fallacy here ; let's be serious . "
But that's wrong ! Oh man , remind me never to debate you on the internet EVER .
Hah ! Hey how did you know I use the internet ?
MONDAY :
The world revolves around me The world revolves around me
( Probably )
TUESDAY :
. . . around me !
( Pro
Bab
Ly ) !
WEDNESDAY :
Ohh , the world revolves around me !
Yes , the world revolves around me !
( Are you certain ? )
( Probably ! )
THURSDAY :
Yes , the woooorld , she revolves around me ! ( Probably ! )
ENOUGH !
Holy cow , T - Rex ! I didn't mind you singing your song the first time I heard it , but it's been four days ! Four days ! TIME FOR A NEW SONG !
Sheesh , okay ! It was just an amusing little ditty . I wrote it myself , you know !
BY THE WAY THAT IS A PRETTY CATCHY TUNE T - REX
Thanks , God !
I'M GONNA STEAL IT OKAY
COMPRESSED THESIS COMICS : today's thesis : " Computational Measures of the Acceptability of Light Verb Constructions "
Light verb constructions ( LVCs ) are constructions like " take a stroll " and " give a smile " !
They are formed by combining a light verb ( such as " take " and " give " ) with a complement ( " stroll " , " smile " ) . Most of the meaning of a ( non - idiomatic ) LVC comes from the complement ( " stroll " and " smile " ) .
Amazing !
I know !
But aren't some LVCs more acceptable than others ?
Yes , this is true !
It would be really nice to be able to measure that computationally .
Sure would ! Hmm , I wonder if statistical measures of association would correlate well with human judgement of construction acceptability ?
TWO YEARS LATER :
Hot crackers ! They DO ! I should totally write this stuff down !
Bad news , everyone !
I'm not as skinny as I used to be !
Oh , whatever , T - Rex ! You're as trim as always . meanwhile , I must have put on at least 20 pounds since January !
Whatever , Dromiceiomimus ! You're fine . But look at MY thigh : it's somewhat larger than before
You both are crazy , and you both look fine !
I'M the one who's putting on weight . I'm getting old and chubby !
Whatever , man ! I'm getting OLDER and CHUBBIER .
YOU GUYS ARE ALL MAKING A BALUE JUDGEMENT ABOUT BODY TYPES
Oh , are we gonna talk about cultural relativism ? Cause I can talk about cultural relativism !
DUDE
I KNOW
People are always like , " Boo hoo hoo ! I'm not motivated ! " Well , not anymore ! Not since I , T - Rex , have decided to become . . .
. . . a motivational speaker !
It'll be fantastic , Dromiceiomimus ! I will motivate through a combination of folk wisdom and " uncommon sense " advice couched in clever stock market analogies !
Sounds great ?
Sounds MOTIVATIONAL !
I don't think the world needs what you are offering , T - Rex !
Think positive , friend !
No , really ! I don't know anyone who's ever been motivated by an insincere catch phrase . I think you need to get back to basics , if you're serious about this !
Basics , eh ? Hmm . . .
LATER :
Excuse me ! Unmotivated people ? I'm T - Rex , your motivational speaker !
So ! Has anyone here ever tried setting goals , and then achieving those goals ?
So , throughout time , people have spent their youth learning , and the time after that applying what they've learned . Not a bad system !
. . . For a first try !
The problem is that we're spending longer and longer studyin . If you do a PhD , you could be 30 years old when you graduate ! And since there's so much to know about the world , people are forced to specialize . Even at 30 , there just isn't enough time to learn it all !
It's a necessary tradeoff ! Millions of people specialize and make tiny contributions to knowledge .
It's true !
But what if it didn't have to be that way ? If we lived forever , we could learn so much ! We could make connections between completely unrelated fields .
This is true , but the older generation would always remain ! If they became stuck in their ways , they might inhibit progress instead of helping .
MEANWHILE , IN THE UNIVERSE WHERE NOBODY EVER DIES :
Sure , borrow my four - seater rocket car whenever you want !
Thanks man !
Hah hah ! I'm totally glad I invented it .
So I went for a walk last night before bed , simply because I wasn't tired yet and had nothing to do .
True story !
After walking for a bit , I found myself in a 24 - hour grocery store ! Why ? I didn't need any groceries . I guess I just found the bright lights and the prospect of buying snacks enticing !
Did you get anything ?
Yes , just some chips and a drink . I didn't need either of them !
So are you concerned , T - Rex , that going shopping was your default activity ?
Yeah man !
And shopping for food that I didn't even need , no less . I suspect that the symbolism of this at both a personal and societal level is pretty damning !
" Western man gets bored , goes and buys food he doesn't need . "
Exactly !
BUT A FEW EVENINGS LATER T - REX DOES THE EXACT SAME THING !
Man , whatever ! These chips are overwhelmingly delicious !
GREETINGS T - REX
I HAVE AN INQUIRY TO POSE TO YOU
WHAT DO YOU THINK OF ADVENTURE GAMES AS A GENRE
Man ! I don't ! !
IT IS INTERESTING TO PONDER WHY THEIR POPULARITY HAS FALTERED WHILE THAT OF THEIR SISTER GENRE OF RPGS HAS REMAINED REMARKABLY RESOLUTE
I don't think about video games as much as you do ! Okay ? You've got to understand this ! T - REX EQUALS DOESN'T WANT TO TALK ABOUT VIDEO GAMES ALL THAT OFTEN !
. . .
You seem unusually quiet !
I think I got rid of him !
Who ?
The Devil ! I told him off pretty harshly and I guess I hurt his feelings ? Does that make me a bad person ?
I ASSURE YOU THAT I HAVE NOT GONE ANYWHERE MY MOUTH WAS MERELY OCCUPIED WITH DORITO - RELATED ACTIVITIES
Great ! Let's talk about that instead !
I LIKE RANCH FLAVOUR
My sinister raccoon and cephalopod neighbours are having a sleep - over party . Okay ! That's innocent enough . I don't judge !
But putting up fliers for it around town ?
That's creepy ! That's odd ! That's OFF . Who indiscriminately invites people to a slumber party ?
Your neighbors , apparently !
Apparently !
So are you going to go ? You are their neighbour , after all !
No way , man !
I've TOLD you all the creepy things they've said to me ! I don't want to put myself in a situation where I'm UNCONSCIOUS and pyjama - clad around them ! Holy heck !
I think maybe you should go ! How bad could it be ? They're your NEIGHBOURS .
THAT NIGHT :
COME TO OUR SLUMBER PARTY , NEIGHBOUR ?
I'm sorry , I - I think I'm busy that night !
YOU CAN SLEEP IN MY ROOM , T - REX .
I JUST WANT TO TASTE YOU
I have discovered the secret of being totally famous ! I will now share this secret .
The secret is to be CONTROVERSIAL !
That way , everyone is talking and thinking about you . You become famous simpy from holding a contested opinion ! And the best part is yuo don't actually HAVE to hold the opinion , you just have to say you do . It's so easy ! Dromiceiomimus , what are your thoughts on gay marriage and prohibition ?
Prohibition ? Why prohi -
I DISAGREE ! !
Wow , people are going to think you're an ass !
A CONTROVERSIAL ass , though ! Of fame !
No , not really ! It's annoying , insincere , and unattractive ! Nobody likes someone who is controversial just for the attention .
Maybe they do !
TURNS OUT THEY DON'T :
Well , that's it for me !
Isn't it CRAZY how young some people are when they get married ?
It's CRAZY !
My parents were only twenty when they got married . Twenty ! I was nowhere near marriage material at twenty . I was and still am a loose cannon !
Maybe they just found the right person ?
Twenty , though ! You're almost still a teenager at that age ! A baby ! How do you know enough to get married ?
I think that marriage is a very personal thing , T - rex !
Well , yeah !
No , really ! It's an expression of love , which is almost by definition inexpressible to someone else . Marrying young probably just seems crazy to you because you didn't meet the right person at that age !
So it's essentially unknowable to me unless I had married at that age myself . . . Hmm . . .
ANYWAY , T - REX GOES BACK IN TIME TO WHEN HE WAS 20 , FINDS THE LOVE OF HIS LIFE , AND MARRIES HER :
Kick ass !
So THAT'S what that feels like !
So I was talking up my post - pubescent body the other night , and this guy was like " Post - pubescent isn't a word , because you can never get past puberty ! " I was like , " Whatever " !
It was some party ! !
That guy was right though , T - Rex ! Puberty is more of a toggle , isn't it ? You're either pre - pubescent or pubescent - you never get to be post - pubescent .
I maintain that you do ! You're pre - pubescent , then pubescent , and then post - pubescent when the changes stop !
No no , you're pubescent as soon as the changes start ! That's how it works .
I disagree !
Let's look it up in a dictionary ! Then we'll see what's what .
Fine ! Let's look it up right now !
Fine !
Fine ! I'll go do that !
Go ahead !
I'm gonna !
SHORTLY :
Dude , come quick !
There's PICTURES ! !
It turns out that you can't escape politics in the media ! Every song I hear , every book I read and every movie I see has some political agenda , even if it's just tacit support fo the dominant ideology !
Well ! I'M going to create the first POLITICS - FREE film !
What are you planning - a documentary ?
That's a start ! It'll document the world around me to ensure that my own beliefs can't enter the frame .
Oooh ! And it'll be in one long take , so that I can't be accused of using editing to privilege some images over others ! It's going to be great ! Great and APOLITICAL .
It's not going to work , my friend !
It'll work ! Don't be such a downer !
T - Rex , as soon as you place the camera somewhere , you're making a value judgment about what's worth seeing and what's not . You're privileging what's in front of the camera over what's behind it : that's political !
Hmm . That - that's true .
ATTEMPTS TO RECORD THE ENTIRE UNIVERSE FROM ALL POSSIBLE ANGLES AT ONCE FAIL :
Man , forget this !
My politics are the right ones ANYWAYS .
WE JOIN T - REX AFTER THE EYE DOCTOR HAS TOLD HIM HE MIGHT NEED GLASSES :
The eye doctor had told me I might need glasses !
Me ! Glasses !
Man , glasses are gonna cramp my style . I'm not a glasses dude ! I'm a NON - GLASSES dude !
I don't know - maybe they'll look fetching on you !
Perhaps ! But still , my style will be totally CRAMPED .
What style do you have that can be " cramped " , T - Rex ?
Plenty !
Sleeping face down style ! Rubbing my eyelids with the palms of my hand style ! Glasses would interfere with BOTH these activities .
I've never seen you do either of those things . Besides , if the biggest worry you have in life is glasses , then I think you're doing pretty well !
T - REX IS SUDDENLY REMINDED OF SOMETHING MORE IMPORTANT TO WORRY ABOUT :
Shit !
Global warming ! !
What is the deal with second base ? Nobody actually knows what it represents !
( Second base in the sexually euphemistic sense , of course ! )
Everyone knows what second base is , T - Rex ! First base is significant glances across a crowded room , second is quietly holding hands , third base is eating the same strand of spaghetti and a home run is totally smooching !
I find these bases to be highly improbably , Dromiceiomimus !
I think that people know what the bases are - but if they don't , that's cool too !
Why ?
I don't know ! I think it's because it makes the whole crass " how far did you go " talk a lot more adorable if the guys invovled are just making up what the checkpoints are as they go along .
It's cute that these tough guys have no idea what's going on ?
Yeah !
But wimpy guys talk about women too !
Wimpy guys talk about a lot of things !
hah hah ! Like COMPUTERS .
I was talking to a friend the other day , and it turns out he'd never played the classic " Duck Hunt " video game !
GREETINGS T - REX WHAT IS DUCK HUNT
The Devil ! What are you doing here ? !
I HAVE RECENTLY BEEN PLAYING A GAME IN WHICH ONE CONTROLS A ROBOT LOADED WITH FUTURISTIC WEAPONRY
A MASTERY OF TORSIONAL TWISTING IS NECESSARY TO ENSURE VICTORY
BUT I CONFESS I AM AS YET UNFAMILIAR WITH THE DUCK HUNT GENRE
I can't believe it ! I've played a game you haven't ? !
Are you talking to the devil again ?
I am !
IS DUCK HUNT A GOOD GAME
Get this : he's never played Duck Hunt !
Hah hah , oh man ! Everyone's played Duck Hunt !
Seriously !
I SUSPECT THE GAME WAS SIMPLY NOT AVAILABLE IN MY AREA
You shoot little ducks on the TV with your gun !
HA HA SERIOUSLY THOUGH WHAT IS IT LIKE
IS IT PRETTY COOL
I saw a bumper sticker yesterday that compelled me to commit " random acts of kindness " !
( True story ! )
Anyway , that's exactly what I intend to do today . Kindness ahoy !
SOON :
Is this house bothering you , Dromiceiomimus ?
The house ? Why would a house be bothering me ?
Well - just in case !
Hey , is this woman bothering you , Utahraptor ?
Man , leave her alone !
Your attempts to help us are clearly causing more harm than good , T - Rex ! You see that , right ? It's like you're living out some stock sitcom plotline !
You're right ! !
Hah , the next thing you know , I'll have a wacky but non - threatening gay frien -
OH MY GOD
I know one thing that puts us ( living people made out of meat ) above machine intelligences .
That thing is the ability to feel physical pleasure !
For instance , I'd like to see a machine intelligence feel the relief of a cool breeze on a hot summer's night . They can't , because they're machines !
We are the much more sensual people .
I'm not sure what you're trying to argue here , T - Rex !
People > machines !
Yeah , but - couldn't a machine intelligence just press some mental button to emulate a cool breeze or any other sensual sensation ? And since they don't really exist yet , I'm not sure why you're arguing small points about them ?
Well , I -
EARLIER :
T - REX IF YOU TELL ANYONE ABOUT US THEN YOU WILL BE ELIMINATED
But come on ! You have to admit that we're the superi -
E - LIM - MIN - NAT - ED
" HOW TO LIVE A MEANINGFUL LIFE "
featuring
TALKING DINOSAURS
That's me !
Many people wish to know how live a meaningful life !
These people include newborn babies , youth , mature young adults , disenchanted middle - agers , executives - heck , even your own next - door neighbour may be secretely [ sic ] interested in living a meaningful life !
Some say dedicating your life to helping others is the key .
That sounds like a good start !
However , these people are WRONG . The only way to truly live a meaningful life is to engage in sexual congress with a large number of partners !
What ?
Seriously , what ?
Hah hah , okay , you got me ! I was just fooling . Good one though , eh ?
Seriously , helping others is alright
HEY T - REX DO YOU KNOW WHERE WIND COMES FROM
You mean you don't know ? ! You're God !
UM OF COURSE I KNOW I JUST WANT TO SEE IF YOU DO
Okay !
Well , as I understand it , wind is caused when high - temperature clouds interact with low - temperature clouds ? And the Earth's rotation works into is somehow ?
YEAH THAT SOUNDS GOOD
the end
T - Rex , I've got some bad news !
Oh no !
MMMM HERE IT COMES
Some guy's parked car had its emergency brake fail , and it rolled down a hill and hit your house ! I think you need new siding .
Aw man ! Why people always got to ram their cars into my house ?
I FIND THESE CIRCUMSTANCES TO BE QUITE HUMOROUS
Did you have anything to do with this ? !
I CAN NEITHER CONFIRM NOR DENY THESE SCURRILOUS ALLEGATIONS
HOWEVER I DO CONFESS TO ACHIEVING UPWARDS OF
FIFTY POINTS
I have a question that I can ask all my friends ! The question is , " would you rather kiss a music student , or a psychology student ? " .
Hee hee ! I am the best friend to have ever !
Dromiceiomimus ! Listen , I have a question for you : would you rather kiss a music student , or a psychology student ?
A psychology student , I guess ! That's just because I don't really know any music students , though .
How INTERESTING .
So what's the deal here , T - Rex ?
The deal ?
Yeah - is it like , a music student would have good rhythm or something , while a psychology student would know exactly what you want in a smooch ?
What ? No , of course not !
You can't apply broad generalizations to heterogeneous groups . Each person has their unique properties and outlook on life .
Dude ! Good thing I was around , eh ?
I have made another exciting music - themed discovery :
Any song can have its lyrics replaced with variations on the word " chimichangas " !
For example : " Chim chimi chang chim chimi chang chimichangas ! "
I - I don't recognize that song .
Come on ! Everyone knows it .
This is one weaksauce discovery , T - Rex !
You wound me !
Well , sorry ! But come on , this is just a variation on scat , only for some reason you're limiting yourself to a single Mexican food .
it works really well with songs from Mary Poppins
EARLIER :
What a delightful film !
Let us talk today about a very important topic :
Anger management !
One must always manage their anger , lest it become under - or even un - managed and therefore out of control ! But we should also remember that emotions aren't good or bad things - it's what we do with them that matters . For instance , anger can help us break things that would otherwise remain unbroken ! Like with . . .
. . . pi ? atas ?
So what's your anger management technique ?
I'm glad you asked !
Whenever you feel angry and think maybe you shouldn't be upset , just repeat to yourself , " Don't be so angry okay ? Sheesh ! "
That's the most facile anger management technique I've ever heard !
One might expect me to become hilariously angry at such a comment , but I'm managing my anger .
Still ! Ouch !
Man , I'm amazing ! I'm a machine that turns FOOD into IDEAS !
T - REX IN : " MAN , I " M AMAZING . "
I'm a machine that turns chicken wings into things being stomped on . I turn a who friggen' bag of chips into new ideas about gender relations ! What other new creation ( besides the dinosaurs , OF COURSE ) can turn physical things into abstract ideas ? I'm totally great !
T - Rex , you're forgetting about Babbage engines !
Shoot , I am !
Though they never advanced beyond the prototype stage , his engines were some of the first machines that transformed physical labour ( turning a crank ) into mental labour ( summing two numbers ) . It was a revolutionary idea !
Exactly !
And yet - bag of chips ! Gender relations !
I could probably turn all - you - can - eat ribs into a freakin' aria !
Today is a good day I think for talking about ex - girlfriends !
Woooooooo !
Maybe this isn't the best idea ever , T - Rex !
But maybe it is ! What could possibly go wrong ?
You offend your ex - girlfriends by betraying their trust , and look like a pretty big jerk in the process ?
No , no ! Come on , it'll be great .
I think I agree , T - Rex ! This is the worst kind of kissing and telling .
The worst ?
Yeah , it's kissing and telling years later , which , for serious , will not lead to good things .
But what if I have only good things to say about them , hmm ? What about THAT ?
AND SO :
I still love all my ex - girlfriends , and remain good friends with them to this day .
T - REX WINS !
Time to talk about everyone's favourite topic . . .
Relationships !
Have you ever found yourself in a relationship that required at least a few sentences to explain what was going on , that couldn't be summed up in a single word like " boyfriend " or " ex - girlfriend " ?
Well , actually , the thing you and I have is sort of -
Exactly ! I'm glad you understand , Dromiceiomimus .
So what about relationships that can't be summarized into one word ?
Um .
They're . . . pretty okay ?
They're " pretty okay " .
Okay , honestly , I wanted to talk more about how deep and important some friendships can be , but we've somehow moved away from that .
I have no one to blame but myself !
So - dating ex - girlfriends ? I've heard this can be a bad idea , but I don't know . . .
What's the worst that could happen ? !
But T - Rex , assuming you and the lady broke up for a reason , won't these problems still be there ?
Maybe , but I don't think so ! We're different , more mature people now , and if we make sure it's more casual - less high expectations , less intense - I really think it could work !
More casual , eh ? More like more casual KISSING , probably !
No !
I've really tried to separate sex from it . I don't know . I'd just like to try it again : hanging out , doing things together , having fun , only now with a non - zero chance of smooches !
You think it could be different ?
I really do !
THIS LEADS TO SEVERAL MUTUALLY - SATISFACTORY , CONSEQUENCE - FREE MAKEOUTS WITH EX - GIRLFRIENDS :
Hah hah hah !
How AGREEABLE .
Anyway ! Relationships are for the young and the criminally insane . What's of real importance is that I saw a car dealership ad yesterday advertising that " no reasonable offer will be refused " !
Well , yeah !
Oooh , ads like that burn my biscuits . Of course they're not going to refuse a reasonable offer ! That's what makes it so reasonable ! And worse , since " reasonable " can be a very subjective word , it's not really saying anything beyond " Hey , I won't refuse an offer for reasons that I personally find irrational . "
It sounds like you've put a lot of thought into this , T - Rex !
It's a thought fueled by rage ! !
It just bothers me that they're trying to make it sounds like a big thing when it's just business as usual ! That's deceptive .
That's advertising !
So annoying ! Plus , I saw this other ad on the same day that said " everyone approved O . A . C . "
O . A . C . stands for " on approved credit " ! Everyone's approved if they're approved ? ! Aaargh !
I could make some joke about tautological advertisements , but I find them too annoying to laugh at right now .

Self - doubt !
While it can occasionally help us re - evaluate bad ideas , it can also be crippling . People who are too self - doubting can become ( figuratively )
Why all this talk about self - doubt , T - Rex ? Are YOU self - doubting ?
Hah , of course not !
Besides , if I was , it would be self - skepticism , not self - doubt . Doubt can be irrational and unfounded , but skepticism relies on a critical evaluation of the facts at hand , and an informed judgment of their merit .
Hah !
No , but I don't have any doubt in myself , see ?
T - Rex rules the schools !
I cannot stress this enough ! !
Unlike SOME people , I like it when I have a dumb song stuck in my head !
Dayyyy o !
Me say dayyy o !
Daylight come and me wan' go home !
Come Mr . Tally Man , tally me banana !
Aw , T - Rex ! Now I'll have that song stuck in my head ALL DAY .
Daylight come and me wan' go home !
Day ! Me say day me say day me say dayyyyyy o !
T - Rex ! Cut it out !
You've got a song stuck in your head , great . FANTASTIC . But the rest of us don't need to hear it , okay ? You can keep SOME things to yourself .
W - Okay ! Okay ! Sheesh . Now I'm in a bad mood , thanks to you . Satisfied ?
{ { small text } } dayyyyyyy o
WAYS TO WIN OR AT LEAST END ARGUMENTS IF YOU DON'T CARE ABOUT PEOPLE RESPECTING YOU
BABY WANTS HIS BOTTLE :
Aww , look at the big baby ! Baby wants his bottle !
MAKING UP STORIES THAT ARE WRONG BUT HING THAT YOU DO KNOW THE TRUTH :
Josh Whedon ( or whatever he's calling himself this week ) totally just downloads fan fiction and says , " Eh , good enough . " That's why Willow and Tara are lesbians !
He does not ! Buffy was a really well - written show !
PROJECTED IGNORANCE :
You don't know that !
T - Rex , bi -
You don't know that !
DEAD FRIENDS :
Man , you can't really believe in a " language organ " that makes communication innate .
Yes , well - Utahraptor .
My friend died .
FINALLY : HUGS AND KISSES !
Aww !
Come 'ere , you !
Where does knowledge come from ? Does it derive from our obsercations of the world , or could it possibly be . . . innate ?
Let's settle this question once and for all !
Well , what do you mean by knowledge being innate ?
I mean that all knowledge can be derived just by thinking about it ! That it can be deduced from just a few axioms that we all start out with , such as a knowledge of self and an understanding of causality .
This seems like a position one would take only if one wanted to hear one's own voice , T - Rex !
Not even !
Come on ! It only works if you make all sorts of assumptions , like , oh I don't know , that the ENTIRE UNIVERSE is deterministic and logical !
Well perhaps it is !
Hey , let's go flip a coin to decide ! And then we can deduce the outcome by thinking about it !
Oh ho , I'm sorry , is it BITCHY in here ?
I mean witty ?
T - REX IN : PROGRAMMING ADVICE
Are you having trouble programming your computer ?
Let me give you a few pointers !
Ooh , ouch . Was that a bad pun ?
It was an . . . indirect reference ?
I suspect that these are all bad puns !
Don't worry - they're the least significant bit of my speech . Oh ho !
JOKES EXPLAINED :
Aren't pointers programming tools , T - Rex ?
They are !
They allow one to reference the address of data , instead of the data itself . It's like how knowing someone's phone number lets you get in touch with them personally ! Hence the delightful " indirect reference " pun .
I too think these are pretty awful .
CONCLUSION :
Everyone ! Program harder ! !
let us discus public spaces , such as parks and sidewalks ! Does nobody own them ? Or , are they in fact owned . . . by everybody ?
An interesting distinction , if I do say so myself !
If nobody is seen as owning a public space , then nobody is motivated to care for it , and so care falls to the government . Spaces become bland and inoffensive , due to the nature of governance ! However , if everyone owns them , then everyone can take care of them , and they can become vibrant and challenging .
Challenging how ?
Challenging ARTISTICALLY .
People could put up posters and stuff on telephone poles , along with ads ! And anything that anyone didn't like , they could take down . It would be an anarchic art show or something !
Somehow I don't see this happening .
I'll show you !
T - REX PUTS UP POSTERS AROUND TOWN AND THEY GET COVERED WITH ADS FOR YOGA SCHOOLS :
Argh ! Friggin' yoga schools !
This is not the first time in my life I've had incident to shout this ! !
We can only imagine what it must have been like -
the conversation !
- during that time period . In one place were gathered the T - Rex , Utahraptor , and Dromiceiomimus - together , in one location , the greatest minds of our time .
" I recall we talked about T - Rex a lot , " Utahraptor once famously remarked .
What's up ?
I'm working on a group biography about us ! But get this : I'm going to bury it when it's finished , so when it's discovered , it will be published for SURE . It'll be historical !
Of course ! I should have guessed THAT'S what you'd be doing with your time today .
History does not record , unfortunately , what must have been a stellar retort on the part of T - Rex . Of this , however , we can be certain : he was an awesome dude . One is advised to tell one's friends !
Have you ever noticed that summer is when pretty girls come out ?
I suspect that you have , because it's totally true !
I also suspect that I'm not supposed to notice - but wow ! There are pretty girls EVERYWHERE . They're just walking around , chatting with their friends , being attractive . I like to look at them ! They're so pretty !
Are you worried that you sound a little creepy ?
How so ?
Walking around saying " girls are pretty " ? I don't know ! It's the sort of thing that everyone things but nobody says . How would you like it if a girl came up to you and said you were pretty ?
Hah hah ! I would be like , " Hello ! "
I'd lick my lips while I said , " Hello ! "
THINGS TO DO WHILE WAITING IN AN AIRPORT
Here is a list of things to do while waiting in an airport !
Fall asleep , wonder how your life brought you here , stare at clock , stare at own fingers , MAYBE stare at fingers of others .
Tha -
That's pretty much it !
There's probably more things that you can do in an airport , T - Rex !
I can't think of any right now !
REALITY INTRUDES
Man , we're dinosaurs ! What the heck are we doing in airports ?
Or talking , for that matter ?
BACK TO NORMAL :
In other news , being cognizant is so totally sweet !
EXPIRY DATE COMICS !
Expiry dates on food and juice products ?
WHATever !
What do you mean , whatever ? They tell you when food has gone bad . If you ignore them , you're eating expired food , and that's gross .
Counterpoint ! I drank some recently - expired juice yesterday , and it was exceedingly delicious . The only reason people have such faith in expiry dates if because of the Star Trek TV shows !
That's going to need some explaining !
Star Trek ! Star Trek : The Next Generation ?
T - That's not an explanation , T - Rex .
Whenever there's a problem , their computer is always all " 15 seconds until fatal radiation exposure " , as though if you get 14 , you're fine , and if you get 16 , you're dead for sure ! Expiry dates , like those on ST : TNG , are false and needlessly strict .
MAN T - REX YOU'RE ABOUT 3 SECONDS AWAY FROM FATAL RADIATION EXPOSURE YOURSELF
It's different when you do it ! Sheesh !
Also what ?
Today is a good day I think to talk about pretension !
Pretension ! Ah , pretension !
Where would we be without pretension ? We'd be short a few critical essays on Leonard Cohen , that's for sure .
Hey , what do you have against singer / poetsmith Leonard Cohen ?
Nothing ! Of course !
Pretension's pretty subjective , huh ?
Alas , it's true !
One person's pretension can easily be another's well - argued piece of literature .
I'd like to set up some authority for pretension , but that itself would be pretentious .
That's probably why nobody's done it before .
T - REX DOES IT ANYWAY :
Heck , I've got the time !
I'm UNEMPLOYABLE .
People who cut me off on the road are usually taxi drivers . The two acidents I've had have both been hit and runs where I'm the one hit , and they've both been with taxis .
I think I'm becoming racist against taxi drivers !
I don't think it's called racism if it's against a heterogenous group like taxi drivers , T - Rex .
Nevertheless , it's the same emotion , the same irrational distaste ! I don't know what else to call it ! I'm PREJUDICED . It's terrible !
So if you were throwing a party , would you invite a taxi driver ?
Of course I would !
I jsut wouldn't like it if they showed up in my living room in their cab , that's all .
So you only dislike taxi drivers when they're driving taxis ? Maybe you just hate the game , but not the player !
In other news , I'm now also racist against that phrase !
There's a lot I don't know about being a professional chef . There's a lot I don't know about a lot of things !
T - REX IN : THERE'S A LOT I DON'T KNOW ABOUT STUFF
What do you know about building a car out of cardboard , T - Rex ?
Does it have to work ?
Yes .
Nothing ! Oh man , I wouldn't even know where to start !
Okay , what about the principle of semiconductors ?
I know they conduct . . . semi - well ?
There's a lot you don't know about semiconductors , too !
Oh , it's true ! I'll probably NEVER know everything about everything at this rate . Time to fall back to Plan B !
T - REX IN : THERE'S A LOT I DO KNOW ABOUT ME
Looks like I'm still the world authority on myself , everyone ! Go ahead !
Ask me ANYTHING .
Oh man , let's talk about zombies ! They're the coolest by far !
PHILOSOPHICAL zombies , that is !
Philosophical zombies ? Do you mean like a zombie Plato or Ayn Rand or something ?
While that WOULD likely be more fun to talk about , I am instead referring to the idea of a person who acts externally like a real , sentient person , but who actuall lacks consciousness . A mental zombie ! A philosophical zombie .
But these " zombies " act human ?
Sure do ! But inside they are DEAD .
So there's no real way to tell if anyone is a philosophical zombie . This is the same old " I'm only REALLY sure of my own consciousness " argument , only sexed up with the living dead !
You must admit that it makes the whole debate a lot more interesting .
Not really ! Philosophical zombies never even eat the flesh of the living !
Well , they probably could , if they wanted !
We all probably could , if we wanted .
You know ?
HEY T - REX I BET YOU COULDN'T EAT 12 SALTINE CRACKERS IN UNDER A MINUTE
I'm instantly convinced that I could !
T - REX IN : " THE SALTINE CHALLENGE ! "
How hard can it be to chew and swallow 12 desiccated dry and salty crackers in under a minute ?
Oh , the Saltine Challenge ! It's actually really hard , T - Rex . Your mouth is going to dry out and you'll find it impossible to swallow .
Come on . I've heard THAT before !
Hey , care to make it interesting ?
Absolutely !
I'm so convinced in my own abilities that I'll bet you FIVE DOLLARS that I'll pull this one off .
Five dollars ! You're ON .
BUT IT'S ACTUALLY REALLY HARD AND KIND OF GROSS :
My body has failed me for the first time ever !
Also , I'm not sure how I feel about competitive eating .
Man , if I were sent back in time 200 years , I could easily make myself into a serious king by " inventing " things two hundred years too early !
Easily !
I couldn't invent penicillin because I don't know what mold is used , but I could do stuff with electricity ! Like . . . magnetically levitated trains ? Oooh , and electric fly swatters !
I could approximate some great works of fiction !
With our powers combined , we'd be unstoppable !
I'm not really sure that I could invent anything useful , though !
Why not ?
I don't have much of a great mechanical understanding . could I design and build an internal combustion engine ? The answer is no . ALTHOUGH , come to think of it , I could invent modern foods like chips and poutine !
Dude ! !
We could also invent women's rights , and then totally take all the credit for it !
Hot enough for you ?
IS IT ADJECTIVE ENOUGH FOR YOU ? ?
JOKES NOBODY NEED EVER MAKE AGAIN COMICS
Oooh , and that one in which , after stumbling , one is advised to have a nice trip , and offered hope of a reunion come autumn !
Hey , how's the weather up there , T - Rex ?
Aggravating ! Thanks ! !
Also , these martinis are more like marTINIES !
I see .
Ho ho !
( I actually REALLY like that one ! )
Man , it sure has been a long December ! Maybe this year will be better than the last .
The days sure do go by so fast !
Hey Dromiceiomimus , do you think that I could be forgiven ? I wish you would !
Aw no , not this again . Come on T - Rex , passing off lyrics as conversations ONLY AMUSES YOURSELF .
I - is that a light attaching to you ?
LATER :
Anyway , I guess It's just one more day up in the canyons for me !
Boo on you , T - Rex !
What ? Dude it's been so long since I've seen the ocean .
Man , nobody wants to hear " A Long December " by Counting Crows passed off as conversation . Yes , that's right ! I've heard the song before ! I recognize your CONVERSATIONAL PLAGIARISM .
It's a song ? !
Holy shit , what are the odds ?
I think I'll go visit some places overseas . Why not ? I could plan a trip to the island nation of Australia !
The worst that could happen is ADVENTURES !
Why Australia , T - Rex ? Are you intrigued by its myriad tourist attractions and locations of geographical splendour , including the Outback , coastal reefs , tropical rain - forests , crocodile farms , and the beaches ?
Not to mention the many stunning parks of natural beauty , populated by unique , rare and tasty animals !
You know that Australia is really far away , right ? Super far ?
I know !
it's just - you're closer to outer space right now than you are to Australia .
Seriously ? Wow , I guess you're right , huh ? Huh ! Well , that really puts my travel plans in perspective .
Why visit Australia , when it's closer to visit outer space ?
I think that there's no animal more symbolic than birds . They're so SAD !
BIRDS ARE SAD COMICS
Sad ? I never saw them as sad . If anything , they represent freedom , the giddy joy of flight and exploration and the promise of a better tomorrow !
Yeah , that's true . but whenever birds settle in an environment where there are no predators , the first thing they lose is their ability to fly . It seems the evolutionary purpose of flight is simply to avoid being eaten !
And that's sad , T - Rex ?
The idea of birds forgetting how to fly ? Yeah , that's sad !
And man , imagine a pure white bird , a father of two baby chicks , lying dead and motionless on the sidewalk , killed because it flew into an office window ? That's SUPER sad !
Go on , imagine it as hard as you can !
Okay .
THEY BOTH TRY :
Awwwwwwwwwwwww !
There are some people who identify not as gay or straight or bisexual or what have you , but rather as asexual . I find this really interesting !
It must be so different !
Some don't find themselves sexually attracted to anyone , while others do , but find all they want in friendship and have no desire to add kissing to the mix .
And you find this interesting ?
I do , because it's so far removed from my own experience . I'm ALL ABOUT adding kissing to the mix ! It's what I do best !
Have you ever met any asexual people , T - Rex ?
Nope !
It's just - I can't get over the feeling that you're treating asexuality like an amusing trinket rather than a real sexual orientation .
Well - it's a fine line ! I'm not asexual myself , so there's a distance between myself and the material . But I am trying .
T - REX DECIDES NOT TO KISS ANYONE FOR A MONTH TO SEE WHAT IT'S LIKE :
I feel - fine ! Focused !
Heck , I probably wasn't going to kiss anyone this month ANYWAY .
It's not often you can see how language is evolving , but you can totally see it today with make and female nouns .
It's the coolest !
Some pairs ( like " prince " and " princess' are complete accepted , while others ( like teacher and " teacheress " ) seem insanely sexist and out of date . It depends on the word !
Female teachers used to be called " teacheresses " ? That's so bizarre !
I know ! But maybe one day people will think that about " princesses " . Or MAYBE they'll wonder how we got by without the word " astronautrix " !
The coolest of all these words , though , are clearly those on the threshold of acceptability .
Such as ?
Oh , " actress " and " stewardess " , I guess - words which some people will use without hesistation , but which others will call sexist . There's no consensus !
Well , I can see the use of " actress " , because the gender of the person affects what roles they can play .
Looks like you've come down on the side of " gendered professional nouns have their occasional uses " !
Looks like !
T - That's cool , man .
Are we still friends ?
I find age of consent laws pretty interesting because , for something so basic , they sure vary a lot from place to place ! Again , they're something for which there is no consensus . Is that a pun ? Consensus ? That wasn't meant to be a pun .
ANYWAY !
Most people agree that a 26 - year - old should be able to consent to sex , while a child should be protected from sexual predators , but where we legally draw that line is contentious ! Some places allow 12 - year - olds to consent to sex , while others believe that even people in their early twenties are unable to give knowledgeable consent to the INTERCOURSE .
This is a pretty dangerous topic , isn't it ?
Dangerous how ?
Well , isn't this one of those topics that you'd talk about with friends in private , but not while out in a public place ? You don't want people to think you're a PEDOPHILE .
What ? I haven't mentioned anything that would make people say that ! I'm talking about legal ages of consent !
Though . . . why would I be talking about this if I wasn't a pedophile ? Ah , yes .
Well played , my friend ! Well played !
In " The Divine Comedy " , this thirteenth century dude Dante describes all these circles of Hell where the wicked spend eternity for being so wicked .
Pretty heady stuff !
Anyway , what's remarkable is that Dante puts both homosexuals and money lenders in the same circle ! He thought both were unnatural : interest makes something ( money ) from nothing ( no action on the lender's part ) , while homosexuals make nothing ( hot gay action doesn't count ! ) from something ( their reproductive organs ) .
Hey , how do you know that that's what Dante was thinking ?
It's in the book !
Well maybe he just decided to write a book that he entirely disagreed with .
Well MAYBE he wrote in his diary that he did agree , and I've read his diary !
Maybe he was lying !
Dude ! You're not allowed to lie to your own diary !
A - Are you ?
My stars , I have been so busy lately . And it continues ! Up to Friday is going to be KRAZY for me .
Notice the 'k' !
The 'k' indicates extra kraziness , Dromiceiomimus .
I'm glad you specified that , T - Rex .
I value our friendship , Dromiceiomimus .
You've said that before , T - Rex .
Well ! That was an unusual interaction !
Explain !
I'm not sure I can ! I'd have to explain a lot about us in order for me to articulate why it seemed so unusual . I'm guessing she was just upset with something else , and wasn't in the mood for any of my shenanigans ?
Maybe you should find out what she's upset about ?
Shortly :
DROMICEIOMIMUS ! ARE YOU UPSET WITH ME AND IF SO WHY ?
I'm not upset with you ! I'm just tired today .
DROMICEIOMIMUS ! CAN WE SHOUT FOR A BIT
It's been warm and then hot and then uncomfortably hot and then warm again , which suggests to me that
SUMMER HAS ARRIVED WOOOO !
Dromiceiomimus , horray for summer ! ! Would you like to come with me and Utahraptor to the cottage this weekend ?
I'd love to !
Woohoo ! This promises to be the best weekend ever in the hisotry of time !
THAT MONDAY :
Thanks for an awesome weekend , T - Rex !
Aw , my pleasure !
Hey , I got my pictures developed , by the way !
Oh man , pass them over !
You'll notice that one of my nipples is highlighted in several of the pictures !
Just " FYI " !
I think sometimes that I am not a very good friend , because I don't have a very good idea of what is appropriate .
I know ! I am full of surprises !
But it's true ! I have trouble remembering the names of friends and tell jokes when I should be empathetic and understanding . I'm just trying to cheer them up , but usually they want sympathy instead of rough chuckles !
Aww , you're not all bad , T - Rex !
But I'm not perfect either ! Hmm . . .
Yes , that will be my new goal ! I will become the perfect friend !
Great !
You can start by taking out my garbage for me , good buddy !
Aha , I know you're only trying to point out the limitations of my plan , but it's to be the perfect FRIEND , not the perfect PUSHOVER .
For instance , rather than taking out your garbage , I'll hang out with you and we can talk about entertainment franchises we have a shared interest in . Do you like the recent Star Trek series ?
Nope !
Hah , me neither !
Time to talk more about my made - up country of Canada !
HAPPY CANADA DAY COMICS
a " PG - 13 " picto - story
In Canada , you get real winters AND real summers , and there's places where you can get winter all year round if that's your sort of thing !
Is that your sort of thing , T - Rex ?
That is HECK NO not my sort of thing , but I'm glad to know it's an option !
Also , in Canada ? Two chicks can totally get married !
Neat !
Finally , there is social liberalism and national pride , but not one that is predicated on making other countries seem worse .
But doesn't that imply any countries that don't have that desirable feature are worse off than Canada ?
It - it does . Well Heck !
That's okay , T - Rex .
I fucked up Canada !
I had the coolest dream last night . BATMAN was in it ! And ZOMBIES !
It was entirely great !
Okay , so Gotham City is infected with zombies , right ?
People start getting bit , dying , then getting up and feasting on the flesh of the living . Batman and Robin are fighting them off as best they can , and while they're too fast and acrobatic to be touched , there's too many zombies to kill them all . They start rescuing as many people as they can , taking them to the Batcave for safekeeping . It's a good place because it's not only big , but protected and hidden !
So what happens next ?
Well , soon the Batcave is getting pretty full !
And at some point they've rescued this guy who's been bitten , but who's hidden it . He dies , and the next time Batman and Robin come back to the Cave , they find that everyone inside is now a zombie ! Their effort has been entirely futile , and everyone they've rescued is dead .
Then what ?
Batman FLIPS OUT ! !
And I wake up , the end !
Today is a good day I think to talk about phlogiston !
That's right ! Phlogiston , bitches !
Phlogiston was proposed as a scientific explanation for combustion ! It was clear that some things burned ( like wood ) , while other things would not burn ( like ash ) . Phlogiston was a colorless , odourless and weightless substance that was contained in things that could burn . When they burned , the phlogiston was released into the air !
That's a pretty crazy theory !
Yeah , but it totally worked for a while !
It explained why if you burned things in a jar , they would go out : the air can only hold so much phlogiston ! But it started to fall apart when people discovered that some things , like magnesium , actually gained mass when burned .
So phlogiston would have to have a negative mass !
Yeah ! That seemed a little TOO krazy . But its actually pretty close to what we now believe , only backwards !
( We believe materials are deoxygenated and become oxygenated when burning ! )
Man ! I know it !
Copyright is intended to prevent others from ripping off your creations ! It used to extend 28 years after you created something , giving you a chance to profit while ensuring good ideas would eventually enter the public domain .
However , lately it's gotten pretty ridiculous !
Copyright extensions have pushed this protection up to the length of your life plus 70 years and beyond - basically , whenever Micky Mouse is due to enter the public domain , copyright law is extended . It's unfair and it restricts creativity !
How does it restrict creativity ?
Well !
With these insanely long copyright laws , there is no new public domain , and our modern culture is owned and put in private hands ! It ensures you can't build on anything that's been created in the past 70 years .
Wow , you really seem to care about copyright laws !
I just think we're approaching a state of perpetual copyright , and that this could interfere with my bhangra remixes of pop songs .
I mean my non - bhangra remixes , of course !
THEY'RE GOOD
Oh man , I'm gonna work the phrase " little lower , little slower " into every conversation I have today !
Hee hee ! It's a good day to be T - Rex !
LATER :
So I was at the dentist today , and he was all cleaning my teeth , and I was like , " little lower . . . little slower ! "
Hah ! What'd he do ?
He cleaned my bottom teeth !
LATER :
Hey there , T - Rex !
Little lower , little slower !
Wait , shoot , too soon . Can we start over , and you give me a hug or something ?
What ? No !
Incidentally , that would be a good phrase to say to an ex - girlfriend you're trying to hook up with ! The " start over " one , I mean . Um .
Where'd everybody go ?
Wouldn't it be pretty okay to travel at speeds FASTER than that of LIGHT ITSELF ? ?
I submit that it would be pretty okay indeed !
With that in mind , I'm going to design an engine that can make something go faster than light .
Our current understanding of physics says what you are trying may well be impossible !
Our current understanding will have to be UPDATED , pending my success !
Hey T - Rex , do you want a hand ? We could do it together !
Sure ! It'll be fun !
MONTHS LATER :
While I do feel this project has brought us closer together , I don't think it's going to work . Perhaps faster - than - light travel really is impossible .
Or PERHAPS we're not trying hard enough ! Let's work extra hard for a bit .
Then , sandwiches !
Imagine if I snuck up behind some guy and put a " kick me " sign on his back , only instead of " kick me " , it said " kiss me " ? Hah hah !
That is one dude who's going to get all the sweet makeouts ! !
And he would have no idea why suddenly all these people are making out with him ! From behind !
You should do it ! Maybe even guys would kiss him , because the sign told them too !
Hee hee ! It's the ultimate prank ! I'm gonna do it . Should I do it ? I'm gonna do it .
Do it , T - Rex !
But , on the other hand , putting a " kiss me " sign on someone's back would be EXTREMELY CRAZY !
Do it !
Hah , you think I should do it ?
Man , go for it !
Let's ask past T - Rex what he thinks !
PAST T - REX :
Do it , dude ! !
There sure is a lot I don't know about . . .
CLINICAL DEPRESSION !
T - Rex , you shouldn't joke about clinical depression ( major depressive disorder ) ! It's not very funny .
I'm not ! I'm just saying that there's a lot I don't know about it . How do you deal with it ? How do you best support a friend who is dealing with it ? I have NO IDEA .
Well , it is good that you want to find out more !
I agree ! ! I am a model for us all .
So ! Depression ?
I don't know much about it either , T - Rex ! I think you'll have to do your own research on this one .
Aw boo ! Researching things , much like the mental illness of depression , is for chumps !
T - REX RESEARCHES IT ANYWAY :
Oh man , I should not have said that depression is for chumps . That's like the worst thing you can say to a depressed person !
SHEESH , T - Rex !
Okay , so hypothetical situation : let's say you've got two friends who used to totally date each other but now they're broken up , and neither wants to see the other anymore !
Oops ! !
The problem this raises for you , as a friend , is who do you invite to parties and such ? Do you alternate invitations between events ? Invite both friends and assume either they'll work out amongst themselves who's going , or you'll get to see some sparks fly ?
It's a difficult situation for everyone involved to be in !
It's true !
I suppose I'd talk to both of the people to see what they'd have me do .
But what if they want you to do conflicting things ?
Well , then , I guess I'd face a choice !
T - REX WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT NONE OF YOUR FRIENDS ARE EVEN IN THIS SITUATION
I like to be prepared !
DUDE WHY ARE YOU EVEN SAYING THIS THOUGH
IT'S SO STRESSFUL
There's this crazy rash I've got on my wrist . This is an unwelcome development that I did not invite !
Forget you , crazy rash !
Have you done anything to get rid of it ?
I am a firm believer in the " do nothing and your problems will take care of themselves " school of problem solving .
Really ? Well - good luck !
Has this technique ever solved ANY of your problems , T - Rex ?
All the time !
Like this one time , I had to pay my phone bill , but it's sort of a pain to mail stuff , you know ? So I just waited and waited and eventually a collections agency called ME , and they let me pay my bill over the phone !
But there are conseq -
It was amazing !
A FEW DAYS LATER THE RASH GETS WORSE :
ATTENTION , MEDICAL PROFESSIONALS ! !
Why don't you call ?
Has anyone ever heard of a book series called , oh I don't know . . . " HARRY POTTER " ? !
Dude , because I totally have !
And did you know , Dromiceiomimus that in the most recent book Harry's friend RON WEASLEY ends up asphyxiated on the moon ?
What ?
Yes ! The moon ! There's no air up there so it makes sense that he ends up asphyxiated .
You're ruining the book for everyone , T - Rex !
No way , Jose !
Or at least you would be , if your spoilers were at all plausible . Nice try though !
Did you know that during a Quiddich match , it turns out that one of Harry's teachers is a vampire ?
Aw man !
And who could forget the twist ending revealed in the last sentence of the book ? " Actually , everyone in this story is a vampire ! " ?
Have you read it ?
It's so hot out today ! So hot !
HOLY IT'S HOT COMICS
So hot ! !
Hey T - Rex , do you want to go see a movie with me ?
To escape the heat !
Yeah !
Yes ! I've always wanted to do that . For some reason , I've always wanted to be one of those people who does that !
LATER :
Hey T - Rex , want to go see a movie with me ?
Aww , sorry , I just saw one !
Dromiceiomimus and I went to escape the heat !
How was it ?
Ridiculous ! The movie needed way more EXPLOSIONS .
Saying " the movie needed more explosions " is my polite way to suggest that the film was a romantic comedy , by the way !
I got that , thanks !
I find that most movies need way more explosions , though .
You know ?
I totally went out to fancy dinner with friends last night ! It was a lot of fun and the food was extremely delicious .
I also left a big tip , so as not to appear NIGGARDLY !
Eh ? Would you say you find something COMMENT - WORTHY in my speech , Dromiceiomimus ?
Nope ! I know that the word " niggardly " means miserly , and that it has a completely different etymology from any words that it might happen to sound like !
Aw man ! Maybe - maybe pretend you don't ?
You were just looking for controversy , T - Rex !
It's true , it's true !
But my plan was to educate ! When people called me on " niggardly " , I was going to explain how it most likely derives from the Scandinavian " nig " ( miserly ) , and in fact pre - dates any similar racially - charged words by hundreds of years !
Looks like you blew your chances with us , my friend !
LATER :
Hey there ! How's everyone doing ? Say , that river sure is getting high , huh ? Maybe someone should put a DYKE up around it !
Eh ? Eh ?
Homophobia ?
What a beautiful summer's day ! A good day for me to PARTY DOWN and shout " Wooooooo ! " , I think !
Wait , I can do better .
* ahem *
WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO !
Whoah , T - Rex ! Use your indoor voice - you don't have to be so loud !
" Indoor voice " ? ! We're outside , Dromiceiomimus ! Anyway , if we were indoors right now , I'm pretty sure I'd be just as loud and proud as ever !
In that order !
" Indoor voice " refers to the situation inside a house , where others are sleeping and stuff ! There's a whole context there , T - Rex !
Man , context is for suckers ! And with that revelation , I don't see how the term " indoor voice " on its own can mean anything at all !
Y - you're not -
That's right ! I'm questioning the very IDEA of an " indoor voice " ! The revolution begins here !
SHORTLY :
The revolution has ended due to lack of interest !
So how do people do it ? How do people choose a direction in their life , I mean !
It seems pretty hard !
Well , T - Rex , I think most people choose a direction they want to go in , a job they'd like to do , and then work toward it .
Yeah , but what if you finally get that job , and it's not all you hoped ? What if it sort of sucks ?
What are you talking about ? You don't have a job in the first place !
Yeah , but man !
Being unemployed was sort of the dream , but now I realize that it just leaves me with a lot of free time , and I feel useless and unaccomplished at the end of the day !
So get a job ! Problem solved !
But being unemployed isn't sucky all the time , just some of the time ! I don't know ! I'm pooched , man ! I'm pooched !
Being pooched is akin to being screwed !
Now you know !
So sometimes I have these little secrets , yes ?
Yes !
And SOMETIMES these little secrets accidentally become BIG SECRETS , because I never told the people I should have about them and it's too late now .
Ooh ! What are these secrets ?
I'm not thinking of any in particular , actually ! Just the general case .
Oh . That's less interesting !
Maybe you shouldn't keep so many secrets then , T - Rex !
But I don't !
They're just - you know how when you've forgotten somebody's name , and it's way too late to ask them now ? It's like that with these little secrets . You know what I mean ?
No , that doesn't really happen to me .
Am I the only one with these problems ?
Because if so , then I guess I get to work on my life management skills !
D - Do people still talk about life management skills ?
Okay , so I've made a few runs at it and have never actually been able to travel back in time . This I concede easily ! I totally dropped the time ball .
But baby , I've got a good feeling about today !
Aw , T - Rex , why do you want to go back in time so much anyway ? You've already been in the past ; you know what it's like !
My own life doesn't count , and besides I could go back in time and CHANGE things ! Like your breakfast today : wasn't it delicious ? Don't you wish you could have had that breakfast YESTERDAY ?
Mmm ?
Man , even if you were successful , I can just tell you'd screw up my timeline on me !
I would not ! !
Besides , it's not YOUR timeline . It's EVERYONE's timeline . We have to share it .
Well , you should take me with you , so I can keep you out of trouble .
Fine ! FINE . I'll take everyone back in time with me . WHY NOT . HOW HARD WOULD IT BE TO TAKE EVERYONE BACK IN TIME .
SHORTLY :
IT WAS ACTUALLY NOT THAT HARD
TIME IS RUNNING FORWARDS :
Aw , shoot !
Did that fix time ? I don't think that fixed time !
Well ! I guess our only hope is to focus all of our willpower on changing things back to normal !
Do you think that'll make a difference ?
I believe that MAYBE it could ? It's not like we have too many options ! Let's do it !
SOON :
I don't feel anything different - do you ?
I feel the same !
But . . . MAYBE this is something we simply can't fully diagnose with our senses - maybe it's just too subtle !
Broken timeflows are crazy ! I'm sorry ! Maybe we can fix it with wishes ?
I guess it's worth a try ! On three !
TIME IS RUNNING BACKWARDS :
I don't think that fixed ANYTHING , man ! Things are as messed up as ever !
Also , my head hurts and I feel like making puns involving the word " watch " !
Wow , it's great to be back in a timeframe that ISN " T beyond recognition ! Is this the last time I will ever have incident to say that sentence ?
Here's hoping !
How are you feeling , Dromiceiomimus ?
I'm feeling alright ! I just don't understand how all this happened . How did you manage to screw up time itself ? And since time and space are a continuum , wouldn't you have screwed up space itself too ?
I don't know ! PROBABLY I'm just lucky .
I think she raises a good point , T - Rex !
About time travel and space ?
Yeah ! In fact , I think this whole thing has raised a lot of questions . How did you even build a time machine in the first place ?
Dude , I simply employed lots of ingenuity and cleverness ! SO much .
That's not an explanation ! That's not even close to an explanation !
The REAL question is , why's everyone getting all up in my fries ? Is there something particularly more attractive about my fries today ?
Discuss !
Today is a good day I think to talk about HINDUISM .
HINDUISM COMICS !
In Hinduism , there are many gods and aspects of gods , and many of these divinities are sexual . It's true ! Some even have sex in the woods with regular mortals just for the fun of it ! In conclusion , Hinduism is a famous religion , plus , sexual congress .
T - Rex ! !
What ? !
Man , leave it to you to take a great religion and focus ENTIRELY on the sexy bits .
I do that with all major world religions though ! For example , Christianity ?
Mary Magdalene ?
Eh ?
Some religious scholars believe she and the historical Jesus were more than " just friends " ?
Ah , the great Library of Alexandria ! A repository of learning founded in the 3rd century BC , this library has become a powerful symbol for knowledge .
Especially since it was destroyed by fire or maybe looting a few centuries later .
Oh , what knowledge we have lost ! What revelations were written on those ancient papyrus scrolls , now entirely beyond our grasp ? With this lost information , could the industrial revolution have arrived a thousand years earlier ? The only answer I can offer is an enthusiastic " perhaps ! " followed by a wide - eyed " who knows ? ? "
Whoah , I think you're putting to much into this , T - Rex !
It was a pretty great library !
Yeah , but you're treating the actual libraries ( plural ) as a symbol , which only confuses what actually happened historically . Certainly SOME ancient knowledge was lost , but I think it's disingenuous to suggest that its loss meant our development was set back thousands of years !
You're saying that by building up the legend , I do a disservice to the actual libraries ? Well , I've got news for you , my friend !
Um !
The news is , you make some convincing arguments !
Ah , to be a child again ! To have no responsibilities ! To have a high metabolism that allows me to eat whatever I want !
To chase after birds in the park , wearing nothing but a grin !
Your idea of childhood is chasing after animals naked ?
Well - after being small and irresponsibly eating a lot , yeah .
That's pretty weird , T - Rex !
It's not THAT weird , is it ?
It's a little weird !
It's just that it's such an odd image of childhood , and that you came up with it before other more popular images , like splashing in puddles or whatever ! Did you once memorably chase naked after a bird ? Is that it ?
Hah ! I deny all these scurrilous allegations !
DUDE BY MY COUNT YOU'VE CHASED AFTER LIKE TWO HUNDRED AND SEVENTY THREE BIRDS WHILE NAKED
There's no shame in that ! I do everything naked !
HAH
ME TOO MAN
Science is based upon hypotheses , conclusions and theories formed via repeated observations and experiments !
THE PHILOSOPHICAL BASIS OF SCIENCE
This allows us to fashion an empirical and verifiable understanding of the world around us . Theories are said to be correct if they match up with the observed properties of the universe ! However , science makes the tacit assumption that the universe is predictable and orderly and regular , which MAY NOT BE THE CASE .
I ask the question : what if some of the theories and laws of science were merely statistical ?
Explain !
Well , we say the speed of light is about 300 , 000 km / s , because it's been that every time we've measured it . But what if there's a small chance that sometimes , the speed of light can just - change ?
You're questioning the basis of science by postulating a non - deterministic universe .
Yeah man ! In such a universe , science totally fails !
So does life , probably ! It wouldn't matter because we'd all be dead !
Dead WRONG !
About science ?
You know what would answer the very important question of " who is the manliest ? "
None other than a manliness contest ! Heck yes !
Dromiceiomimus , I'm so manly that I crack open walnuts for old ladies with my pectoral muscles !
Oh yeah ? I'M so manly that I manage my emotional output , plus I swim all the way up waterfalls !
We both understand we're using manliness as an archetype , and that your claims to manliness do not reflect upon your ideas of femininity , or of normative gender . In any case !
I'm so manly that I pound nails into the wall with my bare hands !
Oh yeah ?
Well I'M so manly that I use my bare hands to pound them out from the other side !
Oh yeah ? Well I'M so manly that I do that too , WHILE IMPREGNATING MY GIRLFRIEND .
Pretty manly !
AND pretty consequential !
What do you call fifteen PROFESSION MEMBERS buried up to their necks in sand ?
Not enough sand !
Oh ! Why don't PROFESSION MEMBERS play hide and seek ?
Why ?
Because no one will look for them !
Hah ! Ouch for PROFESSION MEMBERS , and their stereotype !
Hey , are we telling PROFESSION jokes ?
We are !
Okay , why do PROFESSION MEMBERS leave AND IDENTIFYING INSTRUMENT OF THEIR PROFESSION on the dashboard of their cars ?
Why ?
So they can park in handicapped spaces !
Hah hah ! Oh , those PROFESSION MEMBERS !
They're not like us !
I'm not hotted out by women who continue to wear high heels while getting increasingly naked .
I'm just not !
I have a Theory about conventional western civilization being infatuated with a cartoonish idea of femininity .
Explain !
Well , you look at the women shown as being attractive in the media , and what do you see ? An exaggerated female stereotype , with all of the womanly characteristics underlined and highlighted .
It's as if guys are so afraid of being called gay , they go for the most capital - w Woman they can find !
That's absurd !
I don't think so , man ! I think it's a side - effect of homophobia in the media .
There's so much wrong with your theory , I don't know where to start .
Okay ! How about with " womanly characteristics " ?
Isn't that an odd and frankly creepy way to describe something ? " I'm really interested in your womanly characteristics , darling . "
" What are they like "
" What are they like "
Ah , solipsism . The belief that only one's self exists ! Everything and everyone else are just a projection of my imagination . I made them up ! Who invented all the arts and sciences ?
Why , Apparently , it's me - T - Rex !
Okay , but if this is the case , why do you imagine a world for yourself in which people's ice cream cones can fall in the dirt ?
Probably I just want to make things more interesting !
And I guess all the pain and death in the world is also just to make things more interesting ?
That makes me sound pretty messed up , but yeah ! I guess !
But you do admit you don't have control over the entire universe , right ?
I can't make you dance , that's true !
Right ! So part of your mind you can't control ( your unconscious ) must be at work there . But since you can't control it , it's effectively external , right ? So the rest of the universe is still external to you ! You haven't gained anything by imagining it's all in your head .
Dude , I gain the knowledge that if I die , the rest of the universe dies with me . Woo hoo !
( This makes me super important ! )
Utilitarianism is an ethical system in which you always act to minimize pain and increase happiness ! This is the perfect system for me , as I am ALL ABOUT increasing happiness .
UTILITARIANISM COMICS
Dromiceiomimus , I am crushing this house because , holy , what if the people inside are really sad about something ? By smushing them , I increase net happiness on the planet over the long term , because they won't be sad anymore , ALSO , stomping makes me happy . Net happiness : increased !
I don't think that's fair !
We could debate it , but that might make me very sad .
You must realize that this isn't a fair application of utilitarianism , T - Rex !
I must ?
Yes ! Although , you DO raise some of the fundamental problems with the theory : there's no pleasure calculus to measure happiness , especially not one that can take into account the long - term consequences of our actions .
I like this phrase , " pleasure calculus " .
Is it truly as erotic as advertised ?
Hooray ! !
Oh man , do I ever love parties ! And parties held at this particular house are always the BEST EVER .
They're " house parties " where anyone can show up !
I know ! It makes me feel like a member of a community , plus , I can meet new and attractive lady dinosaurs !
So are we going ?
Man , we're going !
My friend , tonight not only do we get to party , but we get to party while eating free delicious snacks !
Well take me off the shelf and put me in a plastic bag , because I'm sold !
Okay !
Wait , what ?
T - REX HAS AUDITIONED FOR A PLAY . HE BELIEVES THE AUDITION WENT WELL , BUT HAS NOT BEEN AWARDED A PART .
LET'S WATCH !
Rejected ? !
The heck ? ! I was way better than most of the people there ! It's discrimination !
Aww , I'm sorry , T - Rex ! But how do you know it's discrimination ?
I was told that " someone of my * ahem * 'stature' didn't belong under stage lights " . For crying out loud !
I'm sorry too , T - Rex !
It's so aggravating !
They wanted a short orange guy and I gave them a tall green guy , and they threw me to the curb !
I understand , and it's difficult to deal with ! But sometimes actors do have to look the part they're playing .
LATER T - REX GOES OUT TO DINNER WITH FRIENDS :
That was muchas delicious but did little to resolve the disparate issues raised by today's events !
I bet that if I was absolutely , universally , honest and never told anyone even a tiny lie again , I'd become the most popular and respected dude ever ! I would probably become known as " Cap'n Honest " .
Good thing anything that ends up with someone getting a new nickname is worth doing !
So ! Dromiceiomimus , assuming you and I share the same general reference point , a similar set of aesthetics , plus senses and ways of interpreting those senses that can be trusted , it appears to be a very pleasant day today !
Yes it does , T - Rex !
I believe that I believe that it may or may not be a nice day for stomping on things . Yes !
I fear this plan of absolute honesty is doomed to failure , my friend !
You do ?
I'm afraid so ! You'll either end up saying nothing at all , or run the risk of saying something that could be false when viewed from another perspective ! Eventually you'll end up saying an untruth to SOMEONE .
Oh , it's true ! The only viable solution is to never speak again !
T - REX NEVER SPEAKS AGAIN . . . IN THE PARALLEL UNIVERSE WHERE EVERYTHING IS CRAZY !
I'm wearing underpants on my head AND passing my driver's test !
Isn't that SO crazy ? ?
How come everything's so EXPENSIVE ?
Seriously everyone ! How come ?
Everything's not THAT expensive , T - Rex .
I don't know , Dromiceiomimus , everything seems pretty expensive to me ! It's becoming clear though that my sense of what a good deal is froze when I was about fourteen years old . Inflation since then causes my sense of being ripped off to increase daily !
You're going to be a crotchety old man , my friend !
Oh , it's already begun !
Look at me , I'm complaining about the present by comparing it to how things were back in my day ! I'm stereotypically OLD , Utahraptor .
How does it feel ?
Great , actually !
I feel like eating food carefully AND interacting with technology in ways that would be embarrassing to any younger people I'm with !
( Thereby fulfilling the stereotype as I understand it ! )
I just realized that if the universe lasts forever - infinitely forever - then anything that CAN happen WILL happen ! It has to because of infinite time !
Infinite time ! Kick ASS !
But T - Rex , isn't the current scientific thinking that the universe will expand forever , but in doing so become a lifeless frozen expanse just above absolute zero due to increases in entropy ?
But Dromiceiomimus - infinite time ! That means that the possibilities are ENDLESS ! There must be a timeframe where we're all pirates or whatever .
That's not necessarily the case , you know .
Dude ! INFINITE time . Things get CRAZY .
I understand the concept , T - Rex ! But while it's true that things with small probabilities would be guaranteed to occur , things with zero probability still wouldn't take place , even with infinite time ! And I don't see how you're going to get around the entropy problem .
Yes , but -
TWENTY TRILLION YEARS LATER :
- our understanding of entropy could be wrong !
Yes , but it's not rational to assume that's the case .
That's true !
HOW TO BE PATRONIZING
Oh shoot , it's so easy !
AND so fun ! AND a recipe for a one - man party !
Okay , so the first secret to being patronizing is to react to everything people do with an aloof amusement , as if it's so PRECIOUS that they did something all on their own . Aren't you just so SPECIAL , Dromiceiomimus ?
Nobody wants to be patronized to , T - Rex .
Aw , sure they do , Dromiceiomimus ! Here , let me give you a pat on the head . You've earned it !
Another great secret is to call people " Champ " .
Seriously , T - Rex . Knock it off .
What's up , Champ ? Something bothering you ?
God damn it , you're making everyone angry . Why are you even doing this in the first place ?
Don't you worry about it , Champ ! Here , have some Lego . If you try super hard , you can get some to stick together !
Aww , don't worry Champ ! Not everyone gets it on their first try !
Anyway , forget infinite time ! I have a better idea . What if this universe is just one . . . of many ?
Okay , people have had my awesome idea before . BUT !
BUT , my idea is actually DIFFERENT . Because what if these universes all exist at once , right now , regularly spaced throughout an inifinitely - huge multiverse ? Instead of infinite time , infinite space . Then trillions and trillions of kilometres away from me in every direction is another universe , with another me !
Infinite high fives all around !
I think this idea has been put forward before , T - Rex !
What ? Not again !
Yeah , the idea of multiple universes is so popular , I'm pretty sure EVERY theory that's at least borderline probable has been put forward before .
Friggin' scientists !
How do they come up with all my ideas before I even articulate them ?
Man !
These guys are on the BALL !
THINGS T - REX DID THAT ONE TIME
ANSWERED THE PHONE IN THE NUDE :
Hah hah ! Yep !
PUSHED SOMEONE DOWN A SLIDE BEFORE THEY WERE READY :
Really , you did that ? That's very unkind ! Were they alright ?
They were FINE . It's a slide ! People are meant to fall down it !
TRIED TO HAVE A NAP IN THE SHOWER :
What mde you think that was a good idea ?
I was tired ?
LEFT A THERMOS FULL OF FOOD FOR MONTHS AND MONTHS , HOPING SOMEONE ELSE WOULD CLEAN IT OUT :
Man , I remember that thermos ! What happened when you opened it ?
I don't know ! It's in the attic . You can clean it out if you want !
DONATED MONEY TO AN ORGANIZATION TO HELP BUILD NEEDED INFRASTRUCTURE OVERSEAS :
Aww ! A touching ending !
Also , this one time ? I ate a whole lasagna before dinner but my parents got me in heaps of trouble .
Sociopaths view other people as obstacles .
Isn't that WEIRD ?
Hah ! There's a lot of crazy things about sociopaths . The whole callous unconcern for the feeling of others , incapacity to feel guilt and to profit from past experience , and disregard for social norms , for example !
Any particular reason your're talking about sociopaths ?
No reason !
Certainly no SOCIOPATHIC reason , Utahraptor .
Ok -
Certainly no SOCIOPATHIC reason .
Hah hah ! Come'ere you , I was just fooling around !
GIVE ME A HUG .
Who is the best at eatin' cupcakes ? The probable answer is T - Rex , because my goodness I ate seven cupcakes yesterday all in a row !
And guys I wasn't even trying that hard !
Wow ! If that's the case , you're better at it than me ! I start to feel sick after about five .
Ah , Dromiceiomimus , that's actually " better at it than I " . An easy way to remember is to include the " to be " verb you're dropping : " better at it than I am " sounds right , while " better at it than me am " does not ! Easy !
Geez , that was kind of rude , T - Rex !
It wasn't meant to be !
Yeah , but it was . Correcting people's grammar in conversation is difficult to do without sounding like a jerk !
It's true ! Plus , you've got to be eternally vigilant with your own grammar , lest you mess up yourself .
And yet , I do it freely ! ! That's because I live on the edge , Utahraptor .
That's because , some days , I take an envelope out of hte box and I PUSH IT .
I just got off a bus featuring the World's Cryiest Baby . Oh man , what a relief !
Here's a tip : SOME babies need to learn to cry a little less !
That's a terrible thing to say , T - Rex ! You can't blame a BABY for crying !
I know , I know ! I was just a little irritable and making jokes . I don't actually blame the baby , Dromiceiomimus !
But you sort of blame the baby though , right ?
No ! !
I just wish it'd cried less . I'm sure if the baby and I got to know each other , we could be friends !
Hah hah , you hate babies !
No man ! I love babies ! Some of my best friends used to be babies !
HEY EVERYONE T - REX HATES BABIES
Why would you even say that ? ! I'm the only one that can hear you !
HAH HAH
ZING
Hello everybody ! I'm back in the present , after going way the heck back in time to kill a great dictator for the common good !
Now , to convince my friends that I'm not coo - coo KRAZY !
Dromiceiomimus , I'm back from the past , where I've changed the timeline to remove someone bad from history ! Isn't that PLAUSIBLE ?
Um - do you have any evidence ?
My only evidence is how incredibly plausible my story is . I would rate it : super plausible !
I find it pretty implausible that you'd return to a future where we all remember you just as you are !
Oh yeah ?
Go ahead , ask me anything . I bet I'll get it wrong !
This is dumb .
You know what's dumb ? Not believing my incredibly plausible story !
MEANWHILE , SOMEONE ELSE HAS GONE BACK IN TIME TO KILL T - REX !
WHAT THE HELL .
I BRING YOU NUMEROUS GREETINGS T - REX
AND A QUESTION I WISH TO POSE TO YOU
Aw man ! What do you want ?
T - REX AND THE DEVIL STAR IN : " ABANDONWARE ADVENTURES "
I SIMPLY WISH TO ASCERTAIN YOUR OPINION ON CLASSIC GAME EMULATION
THERE ARE OFTEN CIRCUMSTANCES IN WHICH A GAME'S COMPANY HAS FOLDED BUT THE GAME ITSELF REMAINS POPULAR
IN THESE CIRCUMSTANCES IS IT ETHICAL TO COPY AND EMULATE THE GAME IN QUESTION
T - That's actually a really interesting question !
Which is , T - Rex ?
The question the Devil just asked me about " orphaned games ! "
It's actually just a subset of the larger problem of orphaned works still under copyright . How can such works be dealt with when it's impossible or prohibitively expensive to figure out who owns the rights ?
Man I'll leave you to it ! I'm going elsewhere to have an INTERESTING conversation .
But - copyright laws as applied to software IS really interesting ! Come on !
I TOO WILL LEAVE FOR I MERELY WISH TO PLAY CLASSIC NES GAMES FOR FREE T - REX
HOLY MOLEY
I think I put too much symbolism into random encounters with people I meet on the street ! I see them as a microcosm for larger society .
It is a problem with me !
FOR EXAMPLE : the other day I saw some kids who had dropped their bag of marbles . It was a stereotypical image of childhood ! But when I stopped to help them pick them up , they said , " No , don't touch them please . "
Ouch , man ! What went wrong ? Can we no longer trust a stranger's helping hand ?
Sure we can , T - Rex !
Well , these kids couldn't !
My mood was off for the rest of the day because of it . I was worrying about communities and stuff !
This IS the danger in seeing kids as symbols rather than as real people who just want to pick up their own marbles .
T - REX DECIDES TO SOLVE ALL HIS PROBLEMS BY FOUNDING HIS OWN UTOPIAN COMMUNITY :
It's actually been on my to - do list for a while now , if you can believe that .
Everyone ! Be just like me !
As I was drifting off to sleep last night , I rolled over and discovered there was a bug in my bed ! With me ! Right on my pillow !
Ewwwwwwwwwwwww !
That's so gross , T - Rex ! What'd you do ?
Well , I ate it . Problem solved !
Tada !
Ew , T - Rex ! You don't know where that bug has been !
Sure I do !
I know it's been in my bed .
Yeah , but BEFORE that , it could have been anywhere ! What if it was a poo bug ?
Aw man , do those exist ?
These bugs aren't made out of what I think they are , are they ?
Other poo bugs ?
I've decided to write a story about my own team of superheroes . That's right ! They're called . . .
The Incr - - The Fant - The Sweet Dudes !
So far I've got four people on the team . The first is Justin Time , who has time - based powers ! The second is Justin Case , who can control probability . The third is Chix Diggit , who is an attractive dude if I do say so myself , and the last member is Tim Foresnax , who can eat a lot if he wants to ! They fight crime and prejudice and have romantic ( mis ) adventures .
This seems a little derivative , T - Rex !
Nope ! It is 100 % my creation !
Come on ! " Justin Case " ? " Justin Time " ? Those are old names that weren't that funny to begin with .
Well , Justin Time goes by his middle name , Tehnikov , because having two Justins on the team would be confusing . Get it ?
Their names sound like common phrases that people might say sometimes ! " Just in the nick of time " ? Hee hee !
It's pretty implausible that someone named " Justin Time " would end up having temporal powers though .
Time to make some Life Decisions , set some Life Goals !
That's right , ladies ! I am going to be a dude with direction !
But this isn't just a ploy to seem more comely to members of the attractive sex ! I really feel like I need a goal to work towards , something that I want to achieve . In the past I've always just gone with the flow !
Go to school , okay , then university , okay , then get a job -
And then ?
And then . . . work at that job or at better jobs as they come along , until I get married and later on die ! THE END .
And you're hoping to avoid this by having Life Goals ?
Yep ! Somehow !
T - REX'S LIFE GOALS :
Get big and smart ?
Eat my weight in chocolate ?
Learn how to fly rockets or something ?
I went through a document of 100 million English words and counted each of them . You'll never guess what the most - often - used verb form in the English language is !
It's " is " !
The second - most - often used is " was " , then " be " and " are " and " have " and " had " .
These are all pretty boring words , T - Rex . Most are just forms of the same verb !
This is not my fault ! People just talk about being and having a lot . What we need to do is spice up our conversations with more interesting verbs !
Hey , let's start doing this right now !
YES . Motion passes !
Okay ! So , um . . . let's - fletcherize ?
Dude , that's not a conversation ! That's just using a victorian - era verb ( which means to chew one's food thoroughly ) without any context !
Well - I was asking if you wanted to chew your food thoroughly , that's all !
Oh , okay ! I guess I do , a little .
D - Do you want to do it at your place or mine ?
One of the great myths of our time is that the trick to becoming good at something is to practice it over and over .
I'm afraid that I must respectfully disagree ! !
PROOF BY COUNTEREXAMPLE : I have probably practiced eating hundreds of thousands of times ! And yet , sometimes I screw it up . Practice clearly hasn't helped me here , because I should be super awesome at eating things now !
You screw it up ?
I choke ! It goes down the wrong tube or whatever . It's very embarrassing and sometimes I require medical attention .
Well , to be fair , there's a difference between practicing eating and just doing many times over many years , T - Rex .
When you're practicing , you're more aware of what you're doing , examining your own actions actions with an eye for improvement . It's a focus one dosen't have while simply eating as a matter of routine .
Perhaps it's a focus YOU don't have , dude ! You forget that I am extremely intense .
And I can prove it , too ! Ask me how my day was .
Okay , how was your day ?
FRIGGIN' INTENSE !
Time to check up on that utopian society I founded ! I bet everything is totally perfect there in Utopia Land .
SOON :
They MOVED ? !
My utopian society moved , Dromiceiomimus ! They moved away !
What do you mean ?
Just that ! They packed up everything they could and moved somewhere else , and it's not somewhere nearby ! They clearly thought things would be more utopic if they moved further away from ME . Argh ! I hate those guys so much right now !
But maybe they didn't move , T - Rex ! Maybe they just DISAPPEARED !
Huh ?
They're a utopian society , right ? But the term " utopia " is a neo - logistic pun in Greek ! There , depending on how the word is pronounced ( " eu " or " ou " ) , it means EITHER 'good place' OR 'no place' . In English the " u " handles both these sounds , so 'utopia' actually contains both of these meanings !
That's ridiculous ! They didn't phase out of existence for the sake of a pun . You're just using this as an excuse to cram an etymology lesson where it doesn't belong !
Colour me impressed !
Okay , so I take a picture of myself with my digital camera put it on my computer , and then digitally alter it . I make it appear like I'm snow - boarding or meeting famous people or something ! Something that is at least PLAUSIBLE .
Then I upload the altered image back to my camera , thereby forming the Perfect Prank !
Now , all I have to do is show people the pictures on my camera , and they'll assume they're authentic because you can't alter a photo like that in - camera ! I will exploit the expectation that most people only copy images from , and not to , their digital cameras for comedic effect ! Tee hee !
People will fall for this for sure !
Okay , but which people ?
You've just explained the prank to both Dromiceiomimus and myself , dude ! Do you have other friends that you're close enough to to LIE to them like this ?
I sure do , baby !
Hey God ! Check out these awesome pictures I got on my camera !
OKAY T - REX BUT YOU KNOW I AM AWARE OF EVERYTHING EVER RIGHT
Okay nevermind .
So who here wants to TALK ABOUT FEELINGS ? Wooo ! Everyone loves a dude who talks about feelings , right ?
Feelings : let's talk about them !
Dromiceiomimus , how do you FEEL today ?
Fine , T - Rex !
Hey , I feel fine too ! Would you like to talk about it for a few hours because that's always a good idea ?
Hah hah , no thanks !
Secretly , neither would I ! High fives ! !
Hey did I overhear that we're talking about feelings ?
You probably did , my friend !
Great - listen , I'm sorry I've been a bit snippy lately ; I've just been a little stressed out about some things at home .
Oh , um , I was sort of making fun of talking about feelings , but we can actually talk about them too . This is because I am a Good Friend !
A good friend who keeps such conversations in strict confidence , no less ! So , tell me about your problems .
Well , as I was saying -
Do you have any problems with sexy stuffs ?
I was asked for money on the street today , and after I gave what change I had , I was told quite aggressively by the guy that it wasn't enough ! This can only mean that it's time once again to discuss everyone's favourite topic . . .
Panhandling !
And it's a tricky issue ! Giving money to beggars can be helpful , but some feel it encourages bad behavior and undermines the work of social support organizations . Plus there is always the rumour of beggars who take home hundreds of dollars a day ! On the other hand , there may well be people for whom begging is the only means of support they have .
You're sure using a lot of qualifiers there , T - Rex !
It's intentional !
I really don't know very much about panhandling , and a lot of people feel really strongly about it . I don't know ! I usually try to learn more about things by doing them , but if I panhandled I'd be a total poseur .
I bet if * I * did it , I'd be way more of a poseur than you !
Man , you're on !
Wait !
This belittles us both !
THINGS THAT T - REX HAS GOTTEN FOR FREE IN THE MAIL COMICS
PANTYHOSE ( 2 PAIR ) :
I gave them to my mother for her birthday ! What a good son !
INTERNET OSTRICH MEAT STICKS :
Hmmm . . . they tasted like regular meat sticks , I guess !
What do those taste like ?
Like spicy leather ? I wouldn't have eaten them under normal circumstances , but , you know , free internet ostrich meat .
BREAKFAST SHAKES :
And how did that taste ?
They were so vile . I literally could not understand it .
DEPENDS & # 8482 ; BRAND ADULT DIAPERS :
Did you try them ? Did they work ? ?
Only BRIEFLY . It turns out they're meant for the elderly , not for virile young dudes ! They don't say this on the package though .
Nooo way .
A BEANIE CAP WITH A GLOW - IN - THE - DARK PROPELLER ON TOP :
How come you don't wear it ?
'Cause it's a beanie cap with a glow - in - the - dark propeller on top ?
Also I think I broke the propeller .
T - REX I HAVE BEGUN TO EMPLOY NUMBERS AND SYMBOLS IN LIEU OF ACTUAL LETTERS IN ONLINE ENCOUNTERS
AS AN EXAMPLE BACKSLASH LETTER O FORWARDSLASH
INDICATES HOORAY
Okay ! Thanks for that !
IT SEEMS A LOT OF GAMERS USE THIS OR AT LEAST A LOT OF PORTRAYALS OF GAMERS IN THE MEDIA
IT IS DIFFICULT TO TELL WHERE THE TRUTH LIES
Does it really matter which idiolect you use ?
OF COURSE IT DOES I DON'T WANT PEOPLE TO THINK I'M LAME
I ASSURE YOU
I AM SIGNIFICANTLY AWESOME
Well , why don't you just check to see what others are doing ?
Talking to the Devil ?
Yeah . He's worried he won't look cool in front of his fellow gamers if he speaks with numbers in place of letters ?
Is that what they do in hell ? Play video games all the time ?
ACTUALLY IN HELL YOU CAN DO JUST ABOUT WHATEVER YOU WANT ONLY WHILE YOU'RE DOING IT YOU HAVE TO SING SONGS WITH ALL THE LYRICS REPLACED BY " PARTY "
That doesn't sound so bad !
YES WELL THAT'S WHY I INVENTED THE PLACE T - REX
Hey , who wants to come with me to sneak around in abandoned buildings ?
I know you want to , Dromiceiomimus !
Maybe I do , actually ! What's this about ?
It's urban exploration ! We poke around in abandoned factories and schools and mental institutions and stuff , but not to steal things , just to look at how things have changed since the building was in use . It's awesome ! You see old bathtubs and all sorts of stuff !
Alright ! Count me in !
Is this like infiltration ?
Yeah , man !
The difference is that infiltration includes exploring buildings that ARE currently in use , like subway systems and stuff , going places you're not supposed to go . We're only going to buildings that haven't been in use for years . It's more like trespassing !
Count me in too ! What could possibly go wrong ?
NOTHING ! EVERYONE HAS A GREAT TIME AND TAKES SOME AMAZING PICTURES :
Hooray ! We got to feel what it would be like to be the last person on earth , surrounded by the decaying remains of civilization .
( One more thing checked off on my lifetime 'To - Do' list ! )
T - REX STAYS UP FOR 41 HOURS IN THIS COMIC :
Well , I'm perfectly content . Time to mix things up by staying awake for 41 hours !
It's going to be great ! This is the best idea ev -
HOUR 20 :
I'd never want to eat polluted excited pork meat , Dromiceiomimus . I just invented it and I never want to eat it .
Okay !
Just think about it ! " Polluted " ? Eww ! ! And what does " excited " mean when applied to meat ? It just raises too many questions .
I wouldn't be able to enjoy it .
HOUR 26 :
What's it like being awake for over a day ?
Last night I ate lots of pears by mistake .
HOUR 34 :
What if I'm a new form of dinosaur that can get tired but that doesn't actually require rest ? I'd never know until I did something like this !
I think you're exhausted and can't recognize it .
Are you jealous of my mutant dinosaur powers ?
HOUR 40 : T - REX'S HEART SKIPS A BEAT
Ahh ! Oh my God ! THAT WAS NOT EXCITING OR ROMANTIC AT ALL ! !
I would have words with the people in charge of aphorisms !
Does language alter the way we think ? Sources say : perhaps !
This source says : DEFINITELY YES .
I think it's a subtle but pervasive effect ! If a language doesn't have a word for something , I think I'm less likely to think about whatever it is that word would refer to . For instance , in English we have words for " friends " , but what if we had a single word for the phrase " friends who deserve pie more often " ? I bet I'd consider buying people more pies !
You're saying that if we had words for these things , people would think of them more often ?
Yeah !
Well , I agree , but I think you're confusing cause and effect ! As things become more prominent , they move to become words . Like " electronic mail " becoming " e - mail " and finally " email " - that was due to email becoming more popular , not because people were creating the word in order to MAKE IT more popular . You know ?
MEANWHILE , IN THE UNIVERSE WHERE THERE'S NO WORD FOR LOVE :
Aww , I really respect you and wish to spend more time with you in a romantic fashion , too !
TIME FOR MUTUAL KISSES .
You know how vanilla extract smells really good , but tastes really gross when you drink it ?
I think this is very symbolic for . . . something !
Maybe it's symbolic for love ? Great in moderation , but you can ruin it by taking too much ( i . e . , smothering the person with affection ) ?
It's a little forced ! How about symbolic for our generation's sexual politics , in ways I think are pretty clear ?
It's a possibility , I guess ! Hmmm . . .
Are we seriously trying to come up with things that vanilla extract is symbolic for ?
Yep !
Okay - why vanilla extract ?
I don't know . Vanilla extract ! Not many people talk about it , so I thought . . . I thought I'd be the first ?
EARLIER :
t - rex , i am a talking bottle of vanilla extract
That's a little weird , but okay !
can you tell people about me though
Ah , the golden rule . Do unto others as you would have them do unto you !
Pretty crazy !
Following this rule , I could feed my vegetarian friends delicious steak sandwiches , because that's what I'd like , Mmm - mmm delicious !
Well , no , T - Rex , because you probably wouldn't want to be fed something you didn't like .
Aha , so much for the golden rule ! There's a lot of other awesome variants anyway .
Wait - are you really abandoning the ethic of reciprocity ?
APPARENTLY , dude !
Now I'm all about " Do unto others AS they do unto you " . Notice the lack of a " would have " . Actually , NOW I'm all about " do unto others before they do unto you . " No wait ! " Do unto others at the same time as they are doing unto you " . That one is about doing things together with friends , I think !
I notice you are leaving ! Could my conversational stylings be partially to blame ? ?
You know what makes me irrationally angry ? It's people who say the moon landing was faked !
ARGH ! I am getting angry just thinking about it !
It's not like you to respond so emotionally to something like this , T - Rex ! Why don't you just respond to their points and disprove their claims ?
Because it feels useless ! Because most of these people just want to take on of the most transcendental achievements of our time and belittle it any way they can . They're not interested in facts !
Whoah , so instead of attacking the position , we attack the person ?
No ! Well , yes !
I don't know ! It's just that we're in a special place in history now , where it still matters that we've been to the moon . Once moon travel becomes routine people won't care so much , but right now , the landings are unique . They're still special .
How's that ? You've been to the moon like two times yourself !
Man , I don't count ! I was talking about OFFICIAL visits to the moon . Mine were in a strictly unofficial capacity .
You have my assurances !
JOKES EXPLAINED PRESENTS : " CONFUCIUS SAY "
This vaguely - racist form of comedy relies upon the double - entendre ! It narrates the advice of a man called " Confucius " who delivers many a " bon mot " .
For example : " Confucius say . . . man who run in front of car get tired ! "
Ho ho ! Did you catch the comedy there ? There are two meanings in that phrase ! If you don't get it , don't worry - the key to emulating understanding is often just to repeat the last word or phrase . Fake a laugh , say " Hah ! TIRED . " and you will be SET .
Was there a real - life Confucius , T - Rex , or is he merely a convenient fictional device ?
Well !
As you know , there was in fact a real Confucius . He lived in the 5th century in Ancient China ( then called " China " ) and was and is an incredibly well - respected philosopher !
Indeed !
So yea , you've got to be careful , because the real Confucius said many non - hilarious things .
Phrases like " they who know the truth are not equal to those who love it " are not meant to be laughed at ! SO DON'T EVEN TRY .
To conclude , I hope people needed this joke explained , because otherwise I've been hardcore wasting my time today !
Some larger cities are plagued by advertising trucks : trucks paid to just drive around in the downtown core with giant advertising placards mounted on the back . The hell ? I disagree with this in the strongest way possible !
And generally I'm a seriously easy - going dude !
They're just so WRONG . They're causing unnecessary pollution in an area that already probably has problems with air quality , PLUS , they're congesting the road and making our cities more corporate and less beautiful . They're ugly , and the whole idea is self - centered , and thoughtless , and the worst kind of capitalism .
Oh man , those ad trucks piss ME off too !
Really ? You don't think I'm going overboard ?
Not at all ! It's aggressive advertising that intrudes on our public spaces , and since it adds to congestion on the roads , ACTUALLY MAKES PEOPLE'S LIVES QUANTIFIABLY WORSE . The time lost stuck behind an ad truck can be traced directly to some jerk who thought his message was more important than minutes from your LIFE .
SERIOUSLY GUYS I HATE THOSE AD TRUCKS TOO
Then why don't you do anything about it ?
I HAVE MAN
ANYONE WHO IS RESPONSIBLE FOR ONE OF THEM ENDS UP BEING REINCARNATED AS THE UGLIEST POO BUG IN THE WORLD
ZING
I've written a draft of a new book ! The book is called , " How To Be Awesome " .
I know ! It's totally the book I was meant to write !
In the book , I tell people that the key to being awesome is to do awesome things at awesome times .
You know T - Rex , you sure are using the word 'awesome' a lot . Is your vocabulary really that limited ?
You're right ! I'm not certain if overusing 'awesome' is , in fact , awesome . I'll cut it out for a bit while I consider the issue !
So wait , I missed it - what's your new book about ?
Um . . . it's called - " How to Be " ?
And in the book , I tell people that the key to being is to do things at times .
Hey . It'll rule .
" HOW TO BE " FAILS TO RULE IN AT LEAST FOUR DIFFERENT WAYS :
I now realize that replacing 'awesome' with a semantically similar word , rather than dropping it entirely , would have been a more viable course of action .
Live and learn , bitches !
My stars , do I ever love documentary films . The best form of filmmaking ?
As I see it , yes !
What I've come to love is the tension between filmmaker and subject , the way editing can so easily be used to slip the filmmaker's politics into the film . The veneer of realism , the claim of legitimacy - ooh ! It's all so GOOD . There's politics in every film , sure , but only documentary makes the claim of truth , and it's THAT claim that makes it all so interesting .
You're still on about documentary film ?
Dude ! It's SO GOOD .
My favourite are the extended takes , where you ask your subject a question , they answer it , and then you hold the camera on them for a good ten seconds afterwards while they glance around and look ridiculous .
It is a great way to subtly undermine your subject without saying a word .
Yep . T - That's what I think !
I -
Um .
Intelligent design ( or ID ) is the idea that while we may begin to understand the universe through science , it is actually created with divine intent . Evolution is not the chaotic product of random mutations , but rather intentional .
Much as a watch implies a watchmaker , so does our universe imply divinity !
Okay ! It's a very nice idea , but it's not science because it's not disprovable : you either believe in intelligent design or you don't , and there's no way to show who's right . That's not science - that's faith !
And whould faith be held to the rigors of the scientific method ?
Of course not !
The issue is that some think ID should be taught in schools as an alternative to evolution , right ?
Right !
But there's nothing in ID ( as I've formulated it ) to say that the two can't exist peacefully . One just doesn't belong in science class , because it's not a science . It belongs in religion class .
Wait - T - Rex , you claim to hear the voice of God ! What does he say about all this ?
I LIKE TO DANCE IN MY UNDERPANTS T - REX
He says - there's some merit to both sides of the issue ?
THAT IS SO NOT WHAT I SAID
Things sure would be different if one day , the speed of light slowed down to something like half a meter per second for some reason .
Yes indeedy !
For one , games of hide - and - go - seek would be more complicated . Also if you were a long - distance runner , it would be more difficult to run because when you went faster that light you couldn't see where you were going .
Is that true ?
I think so . Maybe ?
I think you'd still be able to see things , actually !
How's that ?
Well , light can be thought of as a particle , right ? And so it's like - if rain was falling really slowly , and you were running throught it , you'd hit more particles than you would if you were standing still . I think that's how it would work .
You know what ? I'm not even certain if it's possible to travel faster than light . I'm going to ask Professor Science .
Aw man , that guy's a rube !
Dude , he's a diplodocus with one of those square graduation hats on him ! WHAT IS NOT TO LIKE ?
THE UNIVERSE WHERE T - REX THINKS EVERYONE SHOULD GO TO CLASS , BUT NOBODY IS GOING TO CLASS :
Why isn't anyone attending their classes ? Guys ! Class is on ! It's time to go to class !
What the heck is wrong with everyone in this universe ?
I just don't understand why nobody is going to class .
THE END
THE UNIVERSE WHERE EVERYONE GOES TO CLASS BUT T - REX :
You're late for class , T - Rex !
Dude , you know what I say ? I say , " forget class ! " .
You can't say that ! Class is important ! Class is really important .
Hello ? I play by my own rules . Rule number one : no going to class , baby !
Rules two through five are various socio - economic and anarchic justifications for not going to class . Rule six says it's really too bad that all the ladies are in class right now !
My philosophy - she has her limitations .
Today , I am selling compliments !
. . . for PROFIT !
Dromiceiomimus ! I have some very special compliments for sale . Would you like to buy a compliment , gorgeous ? ( That one is on the house ! )
No thank you , T - Rex ! I don't buy my compliments .
An insult , AND an implication that my business model is not sound !
Hey , can I buy a compliment , T - REx ?
You - - really ? Sure !
I was sort of expecting that you'd point out flaws of my home business , but sure , I'd be glad to sell you one !
Okay ! What can I get for one dollar ?
I can hook you up with an " Attaboy Special " , which includes a five word compliment and a firm handshake .
SOON :
You are a good dude !
I want my money back .
SUDDENLY YOU ARE NOT SUCH A GOOD DUDE .
I have accomplished much today and it's not even noon yet ! I feel as if I could take on anything and anyone and succeed !
And ladies , I am all about putting theories into practice !
Dromiceiomimus ! Give me a challenge !
Sing the alphabet !
Something DIFFICULT .
Jump to the moon !
Something difficult yet possible , Dromiceiomimus ! My stars ! This is like a 1920s comedy routine without the punchline .
Man , anyway ! I'll come up with my own incredible challenge .
I've got one for you !
How about you go TWO DAYS wihtout stomping on anyone or anything ? This is my challenge to you .
Aw - but , man ! I was looking for a challenge I WAWNTED to do . Anyway , yeah , I can do it . Easy . Easy peasy Japanesey .
!
Is that racist ? ?
Learning a language is hard ! It is especially hard with your first language , when you're a baby who has to figure out an entire grammar and vocabulary just from what people say to you .
It's not just hard : in fact , it may well be impossible !
It turns out that natural languages are so complex that we probably can't figure out all their rules just from hearing words spoken around us , but we CAN approximate these rules and get very close . So the result is we ( as learners ) end up speaking a language we're able to communicate with , wut which is slightly different than those that surround us !
How slight a difference are we talking about here ?
That depends on the learner , I guess !
Rules that are used everyday are going to be more fixed , because there's more of a chance somebody will correct you . But less - frequent parts will be more malleable , which explains why languages evolve so quickly !
Because a language is never passed down , just an approximation of a language .
Yep ! Of course this has changed a little with the advent of grammar books and formal schooling , but it's still there . For example , I might think the word 'tenet' is enraging !
Really ? You think the word 'tenet' is -
Screw you ! !
T - Rex as Cultural Critic
What's with mainstream music nowadays ? It's all so BAD . If I wanted facile lyrics , I would just write them myself and make sure not to try very hard !
All the music I hear on the radio has lyrics by Timmy !
Plus , I saw this painting of a woman the other day and it was clear that the painter had no idea what he was doing ! It's as if someone just described to him in passing what a woman looked like , and he was all , " I got it guys ! " Everything was just a little off . It was a portrait by Timmy !
Who is this " Timmy " guy ?
He's a rhetorical dude !
He's also my new critical trademark . When something is really juvenile , I'll say it's by Timmy . It implies so much earnest ineptitude !
T - Rex ! All you're going to do IN THE BEST CASE is ruin the name of real people called " Timmy " !
Man , I already did that with my safe - sex campaign ! Remember ? " It is almost certain that you will contract STDs from guys named Timmy " ?
Hah hah ! Ouch for Timmy !
Oh my goodness , I feel sick to my stomach today . I woke up and I felt sick to my stomach already .
EARLIER :
Ten roasted chickens for dinner ? I believe the answer is " Heck yes ! "
BACK IN THE PRESENT :
I don't understand it ! I was not around any sick people . I did not eat any bad food . And yet , ouch , my stomach !
What did you have for dinner last night ?
I had ten whole chickens , Dromiceiomimus . Mmm - MMM !
Well , there's your problem , my friend !
No way !
They were very delicious chickens . I would eat them all again , given the chance .
Yeah , but you shouldn't just have chicken for dinner , T - Rex . You need BALANCE in your diet . Nutrition , man ! You know about nutrition .
CONFESSION TIME !
Alright , I admit it ! I knew it was bad for me , but I ate them anyway ! And - sometimes I don't clean my house as often as I should ? Oh ! And one time I pretended I was deaf .
I - I got caught .
Oh goodness , cryptography . It's really interesting !
Specifically , trapdoor functions are SUPER interesting ! Times two !
These are functions that are easy to compute but difficult to reverse - engineer - unless you have the secret 'trapdoor' information . For example , the product of two prime numbers ( p and q ) is not hard to figure out if you know their values ( it's just multiplication ! ) , but if all you have is the answer , n , guessing what p and q are can take a really long time .
And yeah , functions like this are a basis of cryptography !
How's that ?
Well , say I send n to you , and you know what the secret value of p is . There's a chance my message might be intercepted by a bad guy . But this dude will only know n , not p !
So I'll be able to figure out q easily , knowing what n and p are , but this guy will be totally stumped !
Yep ! Of course , all this lets us do is communicate a prime number q in secret to each other . But you can probably do even more things with trapdoor functions !
Probably ?
I'm almost certain !
Here is a startling thought : what if the things I believe in are wrong ?
I'm serious ! This is a big concern for me !
It's the reason I've never really attended any political marches - I can only rarely convince myself that I believe in something SO MUCH that those who don't share my beliefs are wrong , and need to be publicly convinced otherwise ! I'm always conscious that I may one day look back on my present - day self and shake my head .
So you're left with paralyzed middle - of - the - road beliefs ?
Not necessarily !
I'm just left with an acute awareness that I could be wrong about some of the things I currently believe in . Not big things , like racism , but little things , like mohawks !
Wait - you believe in racism ?
No , man !
I think racism is BAD . It's like when you say you're fundraising for cancer - you're not in favour of it ! You want to cure it . That's what I meant !
Alright . T - Rex : not necessarily racist .
Here is a list of things that were once totally cool and remain so :
Flappers !
And this is where my list derails so that I can talk about flappers . Oh goodness , flappers ! These were the 1920s equivalent of hipsters , only they looked like boys and had way better slang . The way they talked was the BERRIES . That means something was great !
I got that , yeah !
Could it be you have a CRUSH on flappers , my friend ?
It could well be , Utahraptor !
And it doesn't concern you that you have a crush on an extinct social group just because of their sweet slang ?
Nope ! It gives me hope , because one day I could meet someone who actually talked like a flapper , and then we could get married !
A FEW YEARS LATER :
Man , what was I talking about ? It was a terrible idea to marry someone just because of her cool slang !
I really need to think long and hard about my life decisions .
Man , how great would it be to have a TATTOO ? Assuming it does not go disastrously wrong , it would be super cool !
T - REX'S BIG TATTOO
How would it go disastrously wrong ?
Oh you know - the usual . I get a tattoo of some figure in popular culture and it turns out that figure is crazy racist . We've all been there , right ?
We've probably all been there .
Hey , I've got a great idea , T - Rex : let's get tattoos together !
Like twin tattoos ?
No , like we both get tattoos at the same time - for moral support . Twin tattoos ? You were thinking we'd each get separate halves of the yin yang symbol or something ?
Yeah , I guess I was ! Hah hah ! That WOULD be pretty crazy .
We'd have to press our tattoos together to make them line up and all the people would think we're married ! Plus what if we got the tattoos on our lips ?
Okay ! I'm going to stop talking now !
TIME TO TELL PEOPLE SOME EMBARRASSING SECRETS T - REX
Aw man , I don't want to tell anyone my few remaining embarrassing secrets ! Come on .
SERIOUSLY IT'LL BE A HOOT
No !
DUDE COME ON TELL PEOPLE YOUR EMBARRASSING SECRETS
IT'LL BE SO MUCH FUN
FOR ME
GOD
Okay ! Okay , FINE . I'll tell ONE embarrassing secret and that's it !
But all you're getting is one secret , no more !
Who's getting a secret ?
Apparently , you are ! And the secret is this : when I lost my virginity , I had the song " Tubthumping " by Chumbawamba stuck in my head the entire time . I just really liked the song . I remember being afraid I would hum it afterwards !
Hahahah ! You get knocked down , but you get up again !
Now don't go around telling that secret to anyone else , okay ?
I already sent it out over the news wires !
THAT WAS SO IMPROBABLY FAST !
T - REX HAS DECIDED TO STALK SOMEONE :
I've decided to stalk a friend ! Hah hah , why not ? I will be the person they least suspect !
This is because I'm violating the understood limits of our friendship !
Dromiceiomimus , I'm going to let you in on a secret , okay ? I have decided to stalk Utahraptor ! Can you help me out ?
I can and I will ! This is all in good fun , right ?
RIGHT . We are NOT allowed to murder him .
A FEW DAYS LATER :
T - Rex , I think I've got a stalker !
Hee ! That's too bad !
Yeah , it's not actually that bad a deal yet . This guy just calls me and tells me he knows where I live , and I'm like , okay , and then he giggles and hangs up . I think he's new to this . Sometimes a woman calls too .
Hee hee !
A FEW DAYS LATER : CONSEQUENCES !
Cheese it , the fuzz !
Tonight is Hallowe'en , and that means . . .
. . . treats ! Hooray ! Hooray for treats !
Are you - you're going trick - or - treating this year , T - Rex ?
Sure am ! I have decided that giving it up when I achieved pubescence was a MISTAKE . I am going to dress up and go door - to - door and get candies ! Woo ! All I need is a costume and a way to minimize embarrassment .
You'll miss out on seeing all the costumes of the kids who come to your house !
That's okay !
You'll also miss out on the Hallowe'en party we're having after the trick - or - treaters are gone !
I'll just be late , that's all ! Late with my PILLOWCASE FULL OF CANDY .
Man ! There's a reason adults don't go trick - or - treating !
THAT NIGHT , AT THE PARTY :
Hi guys ! It turns out the reason adults don't go trick - or - treating is because you get berated at every house for being too old ! Also some kids tricked me and stole my costume !
It has been a night of revelation !
Is it possible to have too many friends ?
The answer is " Definitely yes ! "
This is because if you were friends with EVERYONE ever in the history of time , you'd have so many people who'd expect you to talk with them on the phone and hang out with them and stuff , and there's only so many hours in a day ! Eventually you'd end up snubbing at least SOME of them , which is bad .
Therefore , yes , it is possible to have too many friends !
You know , talking like this risks backlash , T - Rex !
How so ?
Well , few people worry about having too many friends , and those who feel like they could maybe use some more friends might become resentful . It's not the sort of thing you go looking for sympathy about .
I don't have too many friends ! I was speaking hypothetically !
I could use some more friends , actually . I tried calling an escort service once but it turns out that is a euphemism and all the people there were just interested in sex for money !
I was like " Hah hah , what ? "
THE DAY DROMICEIOMIMUS INVITED PEOPLE TO A PARTY TOO EARLY
( in comic form ! )
Well ! I certainly hope I don't get prematurely invited to any PARTIES today !
BUT THEN . . . !
Hey T - Rex , do you want to hang out on New Year's Eve ?
What ? But it's barely November . You're planning this now ?
Yep ! It's not going to be that big of a party , but I thought people might be in high demand , so I'm asking now .
I - I guess I don't have any other plans !
Huh ! That was weird !
What was ?
Dromiceiomimus invited me to a party like two months in advance ! But - more weird was that I was actually musing about not wanting to be prematurely invited to any parties just before she spoke to me . It's incredible .
That's so unlikely . It's such a weird thing to worry about .
I know ! I'm freaking out over here . This is me :
HUH ? ? ? CAN ANYONE EXPLAIN THE CONFLUX OF THESE TWO EVENTS ?
That's seriously me right now !
You know what's better than school ? Not being in school but still learning !
Yes indeed ! I have decided to become AUTODIDACTIC .
This means that I eschew formal schooling and learn on my own terms at my own pace , Dromiceiomimus ! I learn things that interest me and don't rely on someone else to tell me what I should and should not know .
Didn't you graduate years ago ?
Shhh !
Hey , why are you setting up learning on your own and learning in a classroom as opposites ?
It's not you can't do both ! Learning is learning , and some ways work better for some people .
Well , I've also incorporated into my auto - didacticism a distrust of schools as inefficient , repressive institutions . It's part of my new " damn the man " persona !
I can demonstrate , my friend ! Ask me where I picked up a word like " autodidacticism " !
Where'd you pick up a word like " autodidacticism " ?
Not from any SCHOOL !
Nobody can kiss me today , because I'm sick .
Sorry , LADIES !
While you may have wanted a smooch just now , Dromiceiomimus , you can't have one because I'm sick ! I have a cold .
That's alright - I'm sure I'll survive somehow .
M - Maybe tomorrow ?
Is this a new kind of come - on for you , T - Rex ?
No !
It is ! I bet you're just trying to play " hard to get " . And , actually , by announcing that nobody can kiss you , you imply that they'd probably want to kiss you under normal circumstances . You're just spinning your cold , using it as good PR !
It's true !
But , I'm ALSO creating an artificial shortage of T - Rex kisses to increase demand . Would you say you irrationally want some of my kissing now ?
Nope !
Try harder !
Shiny time T - Rex drive
Knock knock , a visitor has arrived !
Yes there is panda ! and baby ! and frog ! All delight at T - Rex presentation .
OK to put panda and frog inside self ! Warm , delicate feelings .
Dessert is important . Never forget .
Nutrition : the opposite of extinction !
DINOSAUR TIP 1 : TRICERATOPS LIKES WEEDS , DISLIKES GOOSEBERRIES
A DAY IN THE LIFE OF MR . RYAN NORTH
* yawn *
It's the start of another awesome day !
Morning Drominica !
Mind those lego models .
Thanks for the tip !
Whoah , there's another !
Hey Ryan !
Still making that lousy comic ?
Excuse me ? ! ?
Come on , it's so unrealistic . . . things never happen in the exact same way every day .
Well , it's just a comic !
Whoever said comics have to mirror real life ?
I HEAR THAT .
I recently heard about an event called the Race For The Cure !
It sounds cruel to me !
Why not just give the cure to all the sick people ? For free ? They're in no condition to be out racing !
I think you are confused , T - Rex .
I'll say I am ! Who are these creeps , anyway ?
The Susan G . Komen Breast Cancer Foundation ?
But there's no cure for cancer !
I think that's the whole point .
What nerve !
It's shameful !
The Race For The Cure must be stopped !
I have a possibly inappropriate question
Do I dare ASK IT ?
Will it offend people ?
Maybe .
Is it a joke or a real question ?
Both .
Well , what is it ?
I carry my stress in my lower back .
So if I was paralyzed from the chest down would I not feel my stress anymore ?
You're right that is inappropriate .
So did I just find a cure for the stress of the modern world or what ?
Do you think it would work ?
I'm willing to accept yes !
# / usr / local / bin / qwantz
# t - rex . pl
What's up T - Rex ?
I've decided to start speaking in PERL more often ! It's my favorite computer language !
What makes PERL so special ?
Well for one thing , it's an extremely portable language . That means it works in all sorts of environments without many differences !
You mean I can go to Uganda and they'll understand me ?
Do they need Powerful word - parsing in Uganda ? Try PERL's " Regular Expressions " !
For example , if you said " showers " and I said " s / sh / fl / " , you'd get " flowers " !
That's corny , T - Rex .
s / that's c / i'm h /
Seeya
s / see / boo /
I sometime wonder if I've become too dependent on my daily routine .
I think I need to start thinking " outside the box "
I will imagine that this house is the box . My stomping of said box will symbolize my ability to effect change in my life .
You will symbolize change through repetition ?
DO NOT LESSEN THE METAPHOR !
What does the girl represent ?
Since I stomp the girl every day , she represents my daily routine .
Your metaphors for changing seem to be a thinly - veiled attempt not to .
Oh yeah ? Well this next one represents you .
LOOK AT ME ! I'M A STUPID UTAHRAPTOR ! I WISH I HAD LIFE ALL FIGURED OUT LIKE T - REX !
( left elbow down , right elbow up ) The crazy Utahraptor thinks I have OCD .
( open mouth ) I wonder what that stands for . " Overly Competent Dinosaur "
( Left foot , stomp house . ) Or perhaps " Outstandingly Creative Dialogue " . . . . . Hey Dromiceiomimus , did you hear ? Utahraptor thinks I am " One cool Dude " !
I am filled with my " Ordinarily Cautious Doubt "
( Turn around , stomp girl . ) Hey Utahraptor , I really appreciate that you think I'm " Oh - so Clever and Delightful " !
What ?
OCD stands for " Obsessive Compulsive Disorder " ! It means you are consumed by the constant need to do something , in this case , stomp .
Oh , Crap ! Detected !
Holy crap ! There's a bomb in the comic .
If I stop stomping the comic will explode !
I must stomp unceasingly or we are all surely doomed !
Isn't that all you ever do anyway ?
I must heroically continue to save us all !
Holy Crap , T - Rex ! You just stomped that house !
It's okay ! It was full of cans !
You see what you've done ? You've distracted me from my stomping . Now the comic will explode .
I'd better run !
Now that he is gone I can freely admit that there never was a bomb . I just wanted an excuse to stomp !
I am reliving the same day of my life over and over again until I get it right .
I will prove it to you , I know what will happen before it happens ! Watch : I am about to stomp a house .
You see that ? Proof !
T - Rex , you are confusing yourself with a Bill Murray character again .
I knew you were going to say that !
Hey T - Rex ! I know what's going to happen too !
Really , what ?
You're going to say something stupid and then naively play it off as though everything worked out in your favor .
Oh yeah ? ? Well . . . I . . . predict that you're a stupid !
How did I know ? You see that ? Proof !
Hey , you know what I don't like anymore ? STOMPING .
It's so overdone . I no longer enjoy STOMPING .
Hey T - Rex , why are you stomping that house ?
Irony . Haven't you heard ? It's cool to do things you no longer enjoy .
And why are you stomping the girl ?
Nostalgia .
It's been so long that I've enjoyed stomping that it has come back in style .
It seems that all your stages of fashion involve stomping .
Irony and Nostalgia are no longer " In " . The big thing now . . . . . . Stomping !
Bill Cosby is the greatest actor of all time !
Ha ha . Old Billy Cosby .
Don't you love Bill Cosby , Mr . Pterydactyl ?
I'm a Dromiceiomimus .
Oh , whatever . You look the same
I love Bill Cosby .
If you love him so much then why don't you marry him ?
Maybe I will .
You're gross . Bill Cosby is a man .
Yeah so ? So what ? What are you trying to say ? Are you trying to say that I'm gay ? Because if you are , I'm not , you know .
Hey Ryan !
What ?
RYAN ! HEY !
WHAT
What was that awful music ? Did you just eat a foley engineer ?
You said your catchphrase ! Every time you say " WHAT " some goofy music plays , so the audience knows when to laugh and applaud !
T - Rex , when you became my roommate we agreed that our lives would not turn into a sitcom .
But think of the potential ! You , the hip twentysomething man - about - town , me , the bumbling but goodhearted roommate . . think of the possibilities for humor and hijinks !
No . No hijinks , no wacky neighbors , no hamfisted melodrama . We are going to lead normal lives . You are going to be a normal t - rex , and I am going to be a normal billionaire Canadian hair model . Now I am going to go into our normal kitchen and get a normal soda from our normal refrigerator .
Aaaugh ! Dammit T - Rex , how many times do I have to tell you not to leave slaughtered iguanodons on the kitchen counter ?
Hijinks have ensued !
After several years of study I think it is safe to say that I have a firm grasp on the nature of reality !
News Flash : Reality is super - awesome !
My comprehensive understanding of the inner workings of the universe gives me complete control over every aspect of existence ! I am an omnipotent stud !
But T - Rex , crushing things isn't fundamentally altering our universe .
It isn't ?
You're certainly changing your immediate environment , but to change the nature of the fabric of space time is far beyond our technological grasp .
Then I am going to be requesting a refund for that correspondence course !
Sally Struthers , you should be ashamed of yourself !
I find it exquisitely funny to give someone a nickname that is at odds with said person's true identity .
Nicknames !
For example , I would nickname you Fat D . because in reality you are quite svelte !
Hello there , T - Sex !
Gasp !
He must have been talking to someone behind me .
NO DUDE . YOU ARE TOTALLY ALONE .
Today is a good day I think for trying to explore THE VERY LIMITS OF MY OWN BODY .
By which I mean " examining instinctual responses " , of course !
I find the idea of instincts interesting . What's it like having a drive to do something but not really understanding why ? Have I ever felt an instinctive urge like that ?
Well ! I intend to find out , using the power of science coupled with the power of auto - experimentation !
SOON :
So , how's the experiment going ?
TOTALLY SUCKY !
I can't figure out what I should be testing . What are some instincts people have ?
Oh , well , you could always put your favourite food in your mouth and try not to chew or swallow it . It's possible to do this , but the desire to eat it is strong . Tada ! Instinct !
Ooh ! OR , I could surround myself with attractive and sexually - available women and then try not to have the intercourse with them !
That seems more like an excuse for group sex than actual science .
EXPERIMENT : APPROVED ? ?
There was a mouse in my house last night . A mouse ! In my house ! That rhymes !
But that's not important right now !
This mouse was not only in my house but in my kitchen and on my kitchen counter . Clearly , he needs to die !
Awwww , T - Rex ! Can't you just use a human trap instead of killing him ?
FINE .
A FEW DAYS LATER :
How's the mouse situation ?
Sadly unchanged !
I'm at an impasse ! I don't want to kill him , but I figure if I use a human trap to release him somewhere else , I'm just shifting the problem to the new dude whose kitchen he moves into .
Can't mice also live outdoors ?
I don't know ! I can't look up mice on the internet because my internet is down !
What about an encyclopaedia ?
Dud , WHAT ABOUT THE INTERNET ? ?
T - REX CAN YOU RATE YOUR FAMILIARITY WITH CLASSIC PEN - AND - PAPER RPGS
ALSO KNOWN AS RPGS
I don't know what they are , man ! Let's talk about something else - like chicks !
CHICKS ARE NOT AS MULTIFACETED AS A TRUE PEN - AND - PAPER ROLY PLAYING GAME T - REX
IN WHICH ONE PERSON IS THE GAME MASTER AND TELLS EVERYONE ELSE WHAT HAPPENS TO THEM
FOR EXAMPLE
YOU HAVE KILLED AN ORC
TO WHICH THE PLAYERS REPLY
INDEED
RPGs sound like nerd games that nerds play ! With - with nerds !
That's pretty close - minded , T - Rex !
You shouldn't be so biased against them . They're really just collaborative storytelling with especially terrible PR and easily stereotyped players . But they're probably fun ! I imagine !
Have you ever played one ?
Nope !
I INVITE YOU ALL TO PLAY RPGS WITH ME TONIGHT T - REX
I'm not going to hell just to play RPGs !
I PROMISE ONLY FLAVOURED CHIPS AND HIGH ADVENTURE
Sometimes when people win the lottery , they end up getting into a lot of trouble because they don't know how to handle that much money .
Dear lottery officials : I would not have such troubles !
I would invest the money wisely and live reasonably . My only extravagance would be a pair of diamond studded house slippers , and upon my death , I would donate them , and my riches , to charity !
Which charity ?
Huh ?
Which charity would you donate to ? Is it perhaps a charity dedicated towards RESUSCITATING YOUR DESICCATED CORPSE ?
What ? No , I wouldn't think of doing that . I'm not trying to set up a Walt Disney - esque scheme for tax sheltered reanimation here !
T - REX SOMEHOW SETS UP JUST SUCH A CHARITY BY ACCIDENT :
These events only serve to further undermine my credibility !
Man !
Friggin' events !
Utahraptor's started his own charity dedicated towards reanimating his body when he dies .
What a copycat !
It's MY idea , even if I did do it just by accident . Now it's like a bizarre arms race , seeing who can reanimate their dead body first . It's dumb . And yet , I'm totally going to win !
This isn't a race , T - Rex !
It is , and you started it !
Fine then - I'm ending it ! I just thought it would be cool to have people working on reanimating our bodies when we die , but if it's such a big deal for you , forget it .
Awww ! Really ? You'd give up being a reanimated corpse for our friendship ?
Because that's what my charity was looking into : reanimating long - dead corpses ! We was gonna make zombies .
We - we was being straight out socially irresponsible .
HEY T - REX HAVE YOU EVER PULLED ANY SWEET PRANKS
Sure have , God !
HAHA ME TOO MAN WHAT ARE YOURS
Well !
Back when I was in middle school , I used to go to the computer labs and add all sorts of common typos and misspellings to their spell check dictionaries , like 'teh' and 'acceptible' and 'amoung' and 'tahn' . Hee hee !
THAT'S SUCH A SUCKY PRANK
It rules ! All these kids handed in essays with massive spelling mistakes !
It sort of sucks , man !
The person who falls for this probably won't even realize they've had a prank pulled on them ! And when they do , there's no moment of laughing realization , just irritation .
Pranks are supposed to end in laughter all around ?
The best ones do !
Huh ! Mine have all ended with me getting punches to the gut . A fre ended in broken marriages !
What is this emotion called 'regret' ?
WHAT IS YOUR FAVOURITE FOOD DAY :
My favourite food is bread ! It's the most delicious thing to eat before , during , and perhaps even after a meal !
T - REX : BREAD
My favourite food is avocado sandwiches ! They're fatty but teally really delicious . I also like orange juice .
Everyone loves orange juice ! Well , except for people who have cuts on their lips , but they've made their choice .
DROMICEIOMIMUS : AVOCADO SANDWICHES , ORANGE JUICE
My favourite food is - a secret !
Aw , Utahraptor , that's dumb !
No it's not ! It makes me a little more mysterious , I think . It's like keeping your birthday a secret !
That's dumb too ! The only people who do that are old people who don't want to age anymore and young people who - actually , I'm not sure if young people even do it .
Anyway ! Back to bread : do I like it because it's so delicious , or is it so delicious because I like it ?
Can we avoid this conversation if I say my favourite food is sweet and sour chicken ?
NOT ANYMORE .
When someone says " murder is wrong " , they're clearly making an ethical statement . But what are they actually saying ? Let's totally find out !
Okay , so -
" Murder is wrong ! "
Wait - was I just saying that it is objectively and verifiably true that murder is always wrong ? That's a pretty big statement . Or was I merely saying that it's the societal consensus of most that murder is not such a good idea ? Maybe it's an emotional statement , saying " I'm against murder , personally " . Or MAYBE it's more of an imperative , better phrased as " Don't murder ! "
We've built a whole system around ethics and you're questioning its foundation !
That's right , baby !
I think it's cool that most people will agree that " murder is wrong " , but that they all might have very different ideas of what that actually means . We never really specify !
And we never will ! What's to be gained from arguing fine semantic points of justifying MURDER ?
A better understanding of ethics ? Plus the ability to not feel bad for accidentally " murdering " your friends who shoot down your ideas .
I MEAN
OOPS
If I had the means to design and build my own house , it would have all sorts of cool features . Like skylights and sensible door chimes and high counters designed to accommodate my giant frame !
And perhaps . . . A FIREMAN'S POLE and WATERSLIDE ? ?
I am so serious about this . I would have a fireman's pole . The waterslide - the waterslide I can see dying on the drawing board . But a big brassy fireman's pole is a very Freudian way to say " Ladies , I'm the dude with the giant fireman's pole in his house " .
That's pretty sweet , T - Rex ! But you don't think you'd get tired of it ? Eventually ?
Never !
How could I , when there'd be a trampoline at the bottom to ensure soft landings , AND stairs at the side for the elderly and the sissy - panted ?
But then you'd always hit your head on the ceiling !
Nope , because there'd be a second UPSIDE DOWN trampoline too , man ! Kapow !
I will call my house , " The House Where It's Very Hard To Get Any Work Done " .
So has anyone here ever ingested any . . .
PSYCHOTROPIC SUBSTANCES ?
Dromiceiomimus ? Have YOU ever done any consciousness - altering drugs ?
I don't - why are you asking this ?
Just curious ! I've never done any , but some of my friends have . They say - they say it's pretty alright ?
Then they rub their faces on the carpet .
Are you going to try mind - altering drugs because of peer pressure ?
No way , man !
I have no interest in being reminded that my mind can be chemically altered , OR in rubbing my face on the carpet . It's just , sometimes I wonder if I'm wrong , thinking these drugs are not the best idea . But -
But it's hard to find out more , as it's such a politicized debated . Everyone seems to have an agenda !
That's exactly it ! Is marijuana addictive ? Who knows ! This tiny bug on my nose doesn't know !
yeah but i don't know a lot of things like this one time i wasn't too good at sports so i had to be a timekeeper but i wasn't too good at that either even though i tried super hard
Okay !
So , tiny bug on my nose , how was your day today ?
oh t - rex , it was really a challenge for me today . but , you can - my name is morris , if you wanted to call me that . morris the bug
Pleased to meet you , Morris !
gosh i'm pleased to meet you , t - rex ! and yes , in answer to your question it was a real challenge for me today . i tried to park my car by the grocery store so i could buy some groceries but then i couldn't find where the parking meters were and i looked everywhere and finally i asked some people to help but none of them knew where the parking meters were either ! so it was real confusing
Didn't the grocery store have a parking lot , Morris ?
yeah but i didn't fine that out till afterwards and i'd already made an awful embarrassment of myself by asking everyone where the meters were ! sometimes i get a little confused is all
That's okay , Morris ! Everyone gets confused sometimes !
Did they have the groceries you wanted ?
well , i dunn because i got so flustered from my mistake that i ended up just going home , empty - handed
Aww , Morris !
I'm Utahraptor , by the way . Pleased to meet you !
shucks , i've never met so many people before all in one day ! i'm morris and i'm just a little bug who tries real hard
If you ever need some help getting groceries , Morris , I bet we could help you out !
that's awful nice but it turned out that bugs don't even shop at the grocery store ! i must have gotten myself mixed up with a show i saw or a movie or something because we catch our food ourselves
Is that why you're on my nose ? To look for food ?
no , i'm just here to get out of my house a little plus i wrote my address on my wrist but i must have written it in smudgey ink or something cause all i see now are smudges ! i've probably made a big mess of things again - i can just tell .
I'm going to write the best story ever . It's called - okay , I don't know what it's called . But i have a fantastic premise !
It's a world where everyone knows how they're going to die !
You can go in to a doctor and he takes a blood test , and then his machine spits out a piece of paper that says " exploded " or " drowned " or " poisoned apple " and that's it . No dates , no details ! And so people who are to die from drowning spend their lives avoiding swimming pools , but they end up drowning anyway . Part of the fun would be seeing how !
This story sounds pretty morbid , T - Rex !
Morbidly INTERESTING !
True !
I guess the only safe one would be if the paper said " old age " .
Nope , cause then you could be killed by an old guy ! This machine delights in ironically vague deaths .
" Natural causes " ?
Hit on the head by a falling koala bear !
It would also work on animals , but all the ones for cows would say " made into delicious cheeseburger " .
Not that the cows could understand !
Friggin' cheeseburgers !
I think it would be great to have my last words planned out in advance . They'd have to be really memorable , so that people would keep talking about them , and by extension me !
Unfortunately , all the good ones are taken . Sucks to THAT !
There are a ton of people who have died saying things like " I feel fine ! " , but irony is overdone in last words . It has to be something fresh ! Einstein spoke his last words in German , but the only person present didn't speak the language , so his last words are lost . That's actually pretty neat , I think ! I could learn some obscure language before I die and use that as a backup plan .
It's too bad you're not a doctor !
Why's that ?
There's been a few doctors who have died just after having said " stopped " , which isn't that eerie until you're told that they were checking their pulse at the time .
Ahhh ! Oh wow , that's a great one . Man ! Can you imagine feeling your own pulse stop ?

Hey guys ! P -
Pooty pooty ?
HeLa cells are a strain of cancer cells that , unlike regular body cells , can live indefinitely outside the body , grow very quickly , and don't die form old age . They are used in labs worldwide and are in many ways an independent organism !
They also helped in the research that eradicated polio !
So not only are HeLa cells the first observed example of devolution or speciation in human beings ( going from a multi - celled life form to a singe - celled one ) but they're also maybe a first example of immortality : her cells live , but the woman from whom the cells were taken , Henrietta Lacks , died from this cancer in 1951 . That's crazy !
Crazier : there's probably a greater mass of HeLa cells now than there was of Henrietta when she was alive !
Yeah !
The whole thing is so surreal , don't you think ? The woman made a huge contribution to society just by getting sick . And imagine a new species EVOLVING from your body ?
Well , Henrietta never found out . She was never even told that the cells were being cultivated !
And with that , I exhaust all my knowledge of Henrietta and HeLa cells . I am well and truly tapped .
The cells are called " helacyton gartleri " .
AW MAN ! ! I totally knew that one !
Also : learning is not a competition ?
HEY T - REX YOU SHOULD PROBABLY DO SOME CHRISTMAS SHOPPING SOON
I'm going to ignore the symbolism of this !
T - REX IN : THE MALL
THAT EVENING :
ARGH ! I had hoped to avoid this realization , but it's inescapable : I hate the mall ! I know it's a cliched thing to hate but it's TRUE . I hate the crowds and the cell phones and I hate the music and the consumerism and the shops that don't have anything that I want . And I didn't hate but I really disliked the burger I purchased in the food court . It had no toppings . Also it was very dry .
You're becoming a generic stand - up comedian !
I'm not ! I just feel their pain !
And YES , I understand that of all the things in the world to get worked up about , maybe poverty and climate change are above one soul - crushing shopping experience downtown . But man ! The mall !
Hah , if you felt as serious about climate change as you do about the mall , we'd have that settled in no time !
T - REX TRIES TO GET AS WORKED UP ABOUT CLIMATE CHANGE , BUT IT KEEPS COMING BACK TO THE MALL :
Everyone ! Support the implementation of the Kyoto Protocol !
ALSO SCREW THE MALL IN ITS STUPID FACE OKAY
I have a friend who , as near as I can tell , only dates Asian women . I don't get it !
PEOPLE WHO DATE ONLY ASIANS COMICS
I don't think he's a racist guy , but can you still be racist if you like an entire group of people ( instead of hating them ) for some perceived racial qualities ? Maybe ? But then again , there's nothing wrong with finding some feature particularly fetching , and maybe all the Asian women he meets just happen to have this feature . I don't know what to think !
Does he like Asian cultures too , or just Asian women ?
Huh ?
Well , I'm wondering if it's purely a physical thing , or if maybe he's got this weird fetishistic cultural interest in Asian countries as well . The whole " ooh , it's foreign to me , how FASCINATING and EROTIC " thing , coupled with a cultural conception that exaggerates the broad brushstrokes while ignoring its subtleties .
No , I don't think he has that .
" A Complicated Issue "
REGRET
I regret never going white - water rafting !
I regret - well , it was in grade two , and I was just a little girl , and there was this near - deaf kid in class who had a hearing aid . One day on the playground I walked up to him and moved my mouth like I was talking but I didn't say anything . I just wanted to - I don't know , see if he'd be tricked or something . He wasn't , of course , and wasn't even that upset , but all of a sudden I could see what a jerk I was being . I don't want to be the kind of person who does that .
Wow !
Um - wow .
Yeah !
I was going to say how I regretted not doing anything with my family's garden this year , but Dromiceiomimus is a tough act to follow .
She blew all of our fake - ass phoney regrets out of the water !
LATER : INVITATIONS TO A " WHO CAN TELL THE BIGGEST REGRET WITHOUT RUINING IT FOR EVERYONE ELSE " PARTY :
Let's NOT invite Dromiceiomimus !
So I never really found out about mind - altering drugs . Are they a GOOD idea , or a BAD idea ?
I can think of one way to find out !
SOON :
I'm going to do mind - altering drugs as a science experiment , Dromiceiomimus !
That's a terrible idea , T - Rex ! How will you be able to trust your results if you recorded them while high ?
You , um - well , you raise some valid points about my methodology that I really should have considered sooner .
LATER :
So what's the story with this drug research ?
POSTPONED .
Perhaps indefinitely ! I've decided that this isn't really that pressing an issue for me . Besides , it's not like I'm being pressured to do drugs in the first place . It was just for interest's sake !
Oh well ! All's well that ends well , I suppose .
BUT , BACK AT HOME !
WOULD YOU LIKE TO JOIN US IN SOME ILLEGAL DRUGS , NEIGHBOUR ?
No thank you ! !
ONE TIME , T - REX , WE ALL GOT SO HIGH WE STARTED CANNIBALIZING EACH OTHER
HA HA HA
WHAT ARE THE ODDS
I wonder if there are any revelations that would make me want to end a long - term friendship with someone . What would they have to say ?
I guess if they were a crazy racist , that would probably do it !
But then I wouldn't be friends with them in the first place , I bet - UNLESS they'd kept it hidden until now . Could I be friends with someone , knowing they're a crazy racist ? And would it make a difference if it never really came up that often ?
This is actually a pretty tricky question I've considered myself , T - Rex !
Really ?
Yeah ! Because I wouldn't really want to be friends with a crazy racist either , but isn't that sort of just fighting intolerance with intolerance ? The person was still your friend for years and years , so they're probably a good person , all the crazy racism aside .
Well , I guess the difference is that nobody will ever get mad at you for being intolerant of racism ! Except for racists .
But it's okay , because everyone hates racists , right ?
E - Except for racists .
It's DEFINITELY time to call in some old debts . Luckily for me I'm a one - man debt collection agency !
CALLING IN DEBTS COMICS
Dromiceiomimus ! You owe me ten sub sandwiches , and I'm calling in the debt .
I don't owe you ten sub sandwiches ! Why the heck would I ever owe you ten sub sandwiches ?
ONE TIME , and I remember this quite clearly , you bet me ten sub sandwiches over something and it was basically pretty clear that you lost .
And do I owe you anything , T - Rex ?
As a matter of fact , yes , you do !
YOU , dear friend , owe me like three cases of pop , because you bet me a can of pop for every week the sub place stayed open , and they've been open for years , so yes , many soda pops for me .
That is such a made - up bet ! I owe you zero cases of pop .
God , you ove me several sub - themed items too !
HOLY SHIT WHY DOES EVERYONE KEEP SAYING THAT
You know what people don't say often enough anymore ?
" Holy smokes ! "
Holy smokes , but that's a pretty awesome expression ! " That dude just fell down the stairs ! Holy smokes ! " It has the charm of a child , yet is better than the old standby of " holy cow " because nobody says " holy smokes " anymore . It is forgotten . It is UNDISCOVERED .
Holy smokes !
And with that it becomes overused !
Ah well , it had a good run . Now onto the next new thing !
Wait ! Wait a minute ! I never had a chance to use it for real !
Anyway man , who says you're in charge of when things become " old hat " ?
I will say it again in French , friends and neighbors !
Qui dit que vous ? tes responsable du moment o ? les choses deviennent " vieux chapeau " ?
Today is a good day I think to talk about robots !
Holy crap yes !
Oh man , robots . So awesome ! What other literary construct allows us to discuss the disparate issues of slavery , prejudice , identity , the body AND the self , while also allowing for all the trappings of a science fiction setting ? Only robots , my friends !
I would seriously marry robots if it were even possible .
In fact , the only fault I can find in robots is with their real life counterparts !
Why's that ?
They're a canonical study in failed promise ! They never try to take over the world and rarely act as a mirror of our own essential humanity . They just sit around !
Some of them build cars , T - Rex .
But man , imagine living in a world with literary robots ? It would be the coolest !
DURING THE NIGHT EVERYONE IN THE WORLD BUT T - REX IS REPLACED BY A SINISTER ROBOT CLONE :
So awesome ! !
Oh man , I haven't bought anyone any presents yet ! I AM SO POOCHED ! I am the worst friend in the world .
This will consummate my social ruin FOR SURE !
SOON :
Oh , hey , Dromiceiomimus ! How's - how are things ?
Things are alright , T - Rex !
Haha , that's cool ! Well , I guess I'll see you tomorrow : Christmas Eve ! I have a very special present for you , my friend .
Hah hah , sure thing ! Thanks !
Why did I say that ? ? I AM EVEN MORE POOCHED THAN EVER BEFORE .
No presents , T - Rex ?
Nope ! And then I compounded it by telling Dromiceiomimus that I had something extra special for her . And OH MAN , now you know my secret . I'm out of control !
It's okay ! We'll be your friends even without presents .
I know I know but still !
LATER : A CHRISTMAS MIRACLE ? ?
Hey ! !
I could give Dromiceiomimus my toaster !
I have made a very important New Year's Resolution ! It's to make sure that my name becomes an EPONYMOUS ADJECTIVE . People will soon all describe things as " T - Rexian " ! What sort of things ?
Awesome things , natch !
Wait , huh ? I'm not the sort of person who says " natch " . I never say " natch " , I say " naturally " and even then only sometimes . I have no idea why I said " natch " just now . I'd like to take it back , Dromiceiomimus !
Hah , hah , too late ! Looks like being T - Rexian is using unpopular and out of favour slang for no reason !
Aw , shoot ! My eponym is a disaster !
Plus it wouldn't even get used that often !
The only time I can imagine using it is - well , when describing you .
Wait ! Let's change it so it means using out of date slang that's still cool , like flapper slang or pirate's slang or whatever . Can we do that ?
I don't think we can do that !
Had I finally and irrevocable " blown it " with my own name ? Had my father's famed and final prediction come , at last , to pass ?
Daaaaaang !
Here is a hypothetical situation : let's say I'm married and going to have a child ( with my assuredly hott wife ) ! What should it be named ?
MY position is that babies should be named after old girlfriends !
Not only does it allow excellent names to be redistributed to new children , but as we have more kids we'll catch up , and eventually one will be named after my wife ! It evens out ! Everybody wins !
Except for the kids who are born male .
They can be named after my wife's ex - boyfriends . As you can see , I've thought of every possibility .
Are you really into all your ex - girlfriends that much ?
They all had quite excellent names !
How excellent are we talking about ? I bet they were named " Cheeseball " and " Chuggy G " .
Those are terrible names ! Those are names you give to cats that you don't like .
" DEDICATED TO CHUGGY G "
Okay okay so - am I making the best use of my time ? Judging by the success of others the answer may well be , in fact , " PERHAPS NOT " .
BACKSTORY : T - REX IS WORRIED HE'S NOT AS AFFLUENT AS HE SHOULD BE ?
I've never really cared about being rich before , but on the other hand having disposable income is sort of alright ! Is wanting more money the first step on the path to becoming more and more right wing as I get older ? Such a trajectory IS one I have sometimes observed in my peers and elders .
Wait , I'm confused . Are you worried about not being rich , or about drifting to the right ?
Neither ! Both ?
I'm - I dunno . I guess I'm worried only about getting one shot at life and messing it up , or not making the best of it .
These are serious fears that will likely haunt you till old age , some of them no doubt blossoming into a startling and varied garden of regret !
UTAHRAPTOR : A GUY WHO IS NOT HELPING RIGHT NOW
FRIGGIN' GARDENS OF REGRET ! !
It would be cool to be able to flash forward and see what my life would actually be like in ten or twenty years .
Cool AND improbable !
So improbable , in fact , that I have no idea of how I would accomplish it . Ah well ! SO MUCH FOR VISIONS OF TOMORROW .
SUDDENLY , A VISION OF TOMORROW !
Hey , remember when years ago , you wanted to see the future ?
Yep !
I was just lingering over breakfast when I suddenly recalled that entire conversation . Isn't that wild ? And I realized that if I told you about it , this could be your vision of tomorrow : future selves recalling the past !
That's pretty wild !
BACK IN THE PRESENT :
Well !
I for one would like to register disappointment with every aspect of the future ?
INCORRECT HOMOPHONE COMICS
Two words that are homophones sound the same but mean different things !
For instance : the word " awful " ( really bad ) and the word " offal " ( burchered entrails ) !
To begin : my stomping on this manner is a sorted little affair ! Take soulless in the fact that at leased ewe are knot being chaste as well !
Why don't you chews to do something else ? That would be good gnus to me !
I will here nun of it !
I don't get it !
I'm saying weird homophones !
Yeah , but you're not writing them down , so it sounds normal . Pretty normal , anyway . It sounds a little like you're speaking with a weird accent .
I was speaking in hilariously inappropriate homophones ! IT WAS EXTREMELY HILARIOUS .
THE END
ONE DAY :
That's it - I'll sell naked pictures of myself online ! FOR PROFITS !
Dromiceiomimus , you'll bid on naked pictures of me , right ? For profits ?
No thanks ! I don't see why I would bid on them whe I can see you naked , for free , right now .
FIRST OFF : whatever ! And second off : what if I died and you wanted pictures ?
Hey , can I bid some ANTI - DOLLARS on your pictures ?
No !
Because if so , put me down for one million anti - dollars !
I have ALREADY SPECIFIED that anti - dollars are not allowed to be bid in my auction .
Man , I'm bidding anti - dollars .
SCIENCE CORNER
Do anti - dollars really mutually annihilate when combined with regular dollars ?
Science says , " yes ! "
LOGICAL FALLACY COMICS
today's fallacy
BEGGING THE QUESTION
Begging the question is when what you're trying to prove is assumed implicitly in one of your premises !
FOR EXAMPLE : T - Rex is a pretty sweet dude because he's always so friggin' awesome !
This is actually formally valid : if the premise is true and I'm friggin' awesome , then it follows that I'm a pretty sweet dude . However , I've provided no logical support for my " T - Rex is awesome " premise , but only made a conclusion ( T - Rex = pretty sweet ) which relies on the premise being true . I haven't offered any evidence , so I am begging the question !
But " begging the question " is mostly used today to mean " raising the question " !
I know ! IT'S SO WRONG .
Well , I suppose that begs the question , T - Rex : if it's used more often to mean " raises the question " than " a fallacy of presumption " , doesn't that suggest that the definition of the phrase has evolved ?
NO IT DOES NOT . What it suggests is that everybody sucks but me !
LATER : THE FACE OF PRESCRIPTIVE LANGUAGE ? ?
Oh goodness , I am so thirsty . My thirst is - exquisite . Sublime . Immaculate .
GET A DRINK T - REX
Nopers !
I would much rather consider the precise nature of my thirst . It's - strong ! Insistent .
T - Rex if you get a drink of water then you won't be thirsty anymore .
Please ! I am trying to consider the nature of thirst . It's - stern ?
It sure is great that everyone everywhere has safe access to clean drinking water !
Aw MAN !
See , now what can I do ? I can't stay here and consider my thirst , because that's revelling in what for some people is a terrible fact of their lives , but if I go get a drink , I'm just underlining my privilege .
I think if you REALLY want to show me up , your course is clear !
LATER , PERFORMING AID AND SANITATION WORK IN SUB - SAHARAN AFRICA :
Man ! EVERYONE has better reasons for being here than me !
I've never had any problems with dating someone of a different religion , but I imagine under certain circumstances it could be a problem !
Much like . . . most things ?
I guess if there was some religious beliefs that one person had and the other didn't , it could lead to tension , but relationships are about compromise , right ? But if someone , say , adopts the actions of a religion as a compromise , but not the beliefs behind it , isn't that just going through the motions , which isn't really what most religions are about ?
I guess a lot of it depends on the faith of the people involved , T - Rex !
How so ?
Well , if you REALLY believe that by not sharing your religion , your partner is harming himself somehow ( i . e . , comdemning himself to a sucky afterlife ) , then you'd want to help him out , right ? I could see that leading to tension , since there's not much room for movement there unless one of you softens your views .
That's true ! Luckily , as I say , this has never happened to me . Therefore , double high fives for conflict avoided ? ?
I'm not giving you double high fives , T - Rex .
Man ! Don' leave me hangin' ! !
HEY T - REX SETTLE A BET
WHAT ONE CHANGE WOULD YOU MAKE TO YOURSELF IF YOU COULD
Raising one eyebrow !
I would really like to be able to raise one eyebrow . It seems like everyone can do this but me ! And as a consequence of my being unable to operate my eyebrows individually , my facial expressions are limited to either SURPRISE ( both eyebrows raised ) , ANGER ( both eyebrows furrowed ) , or danged neutrality ! The intrigue of raising a single eyebrow seems destined to remain frustratingly beyond my purview .
I've seen you look intrigued before , T - Rex , I'm sure of it !
I'm afraid it was all an illusion !
When I feel intrigued , I have to say " How intriguing ! " or " Guys , I'm really intrigued right now " because I can't express it through my face . Watch ! Say something intriguing .
Um - geez , I can't do it on demand
Well it probably wouldn't have worked .
OKAY WELL IT LOOKS LIKE I LOST BECAUSE I THOUGHT YOU WERE GOING TO ASK TO BE PURPLE
Why ? ! Purple doesn't rhyme with " machine " .
YEAH ANYWAY NOW I'M DOWN A TRILLION LIFETIMES OF FRIED CHICKEN
THANKS T - REX
YOU AND YOUR FRIGGIN EYEBROWS
What is the deal with everyone walking in on me while I'm having showers ? This has gone well beyond random chance and I am at a loss to explain it .
Everyone needs to stop walking in on me while I'm having a shower , please !
And with that I'm off to go have a bath or something .
HEY T - REX WHAT WAS THAT
WHERE ARE YOU OFF TO AGAIN
Nowhere , dear friend ! I am off to & # 8211 ; go sit and & # 8211 ; read a book . About & # 8230 ; famous deserts of the past !
SWEET
MAN ! It almost happened just there !
What almost happened ?
This new " LET'S SPY ON T - REX IN THE SHOWER " problem that everyone seems to have & # 8211 ; and now God's in on it too ! I don't understand . Also I just realized I lied to God about reading a book .
I think there's posters in the library warning about that .
LATER
Somebody's in here ! ! !
Is it possible to have adventures in today's modern world ? I mean real adventures , like ones where I get to swashbuckle .
T - Rex says , " probably not ! "
I think we've made our environment so predictable and safe that there's no real opportunity to go where nobody's been before , to see things that haven't been seen . It's too bad ! I want ADVENTURES !
What about things like EXTREME SNOWBOARDING ?
While clearly extreme , can such activities truly be considered capital - A Adventure ?
Sure they can , T - Rex ! You see new things , and there's danger .
I don't know . . .
Man , some dudes are EXTREME ! ! enough to snowboard down Mount Everest ! There's a real chance you could be killed doing that , PLUS , only a few people have ever done it . I'd call that " adventure " !
Especially since you'd have to climb up at least part of Everest yourself . Okay , you're right !
MEANWHILE , IN THE UNIVERSE WHERE EVERYONE SNOWBOARDS EVERYWHERE :
Guys , I REALLY just don't think I'm as into snowboarding as I used to be .
EVERYONE GETS ONE WISH IN THIS COMIC !
I wish for justified happiness !
GRANTED !
Woooohoooo !
I wish for worldwide peace and love with no negative consequences !
GRANTED !
Hooray !
I wish for more wishes !
. . .
Oh man , ouch ! Shot down ! Looks like no wishes for you !
This sucks !
Should've wished for ice cream , my friend !
THE WISHES WEAR OFF IN THREE SECONDS !
MY EUPHORIA ! !
Oh , it's true ! If it was even MARGINALLY in style , I would grow mutton chops .
TRUE CONFESSIONS OF T - REX
Aw , T - Rex , you'd be one of those guys with deliberate facial hair ?
In a second ! I love the grizzled prospector look . Actually , no , that's not even true - I love PRETENDING to be a grizzled prospector . The facial hair would just be the grizzly icing on the prospector cake !
I really don't think it would be that fetching a look on you , T - Rex !
That's okay ! I have backup plans .
Backup plan " A " is labelled " handlebar moustache " !
You really wish you were a hairy guy born a hundred years ago , don't you ?
Sometimes I do ! I wonder what it'd be like .
DO YOU REALLY WANT TO KNOW T - REX BECAUSE I COULD SHOW YOU WHAT IT WOULD BE LIKE
Really ?
YEAH BASICALLY YOU DIE OF SYPHILIS AT 30 BUT YOU LEAVE THIS TOTALLY HAIRY CORPSE
Dating both twin sisters at the same time :
Hot ? Or just , in fact , KIND OF WEIRD ?
I'm afraid that I fall on the " kind of weird " side of the fence this time . While I'm usually in favour of the hot makeouts , they're sisters ! It's like they've made out with each other , through proxy . Transitive makeouts !
I really don't see how you're getting this !
What's not to get ? Twins ! Proxies ! Transitive closure !
Well it's just - if you were a dude dating , say , identical twin sister swim - team captains , I can imagine you reacting a little differently .
Things would indeed be different . . .
FANTASY LAND :
Keep on swimmin' , ladies , because I love you both super equally !
I DON'T KNOW WHO I AM ANYMORE .
I've never had a nightmare ! Or at least , I've never remembered them and they've never been enough to wake me up , which amounts to pretty much the same thing .
I'd like to have some nightmares , please !
I want some consequence - free scares and that sense of that irrational creeping terror that I really don't get in my day - to - day life .
Nightmares aren't really that great , T - Rex . Bad things happen to people you like .
Oh , I know ! I know . I just feel a little left out when everyone gets to have nightmares but me ! I feel . . . I feel like the only girl in grade 8 that hasn't hit puberty yet .
That strikes me as an odd analogy , T - Rex !
Does it ?
Yeah . I don't - I don't understand what you're going for with it . Why are you a girl ? And why would you compare puberty to a nightmare in the first place ? You've had some success with it .
Hah ! I SURE have .
EARLY SUCCESSES IN PUBERTY :
Hey , I have unfocused , confusing sexual desires !
Alright !
It occurs to me that democracy is pretty unfair if you're not a dude who's in the majority !
DEMOCRACY COMICS
It sucks , because if everyone disagrees with you , then you'll never get anything you want . It's majority rule ! MOB rule !
Well , majority rule is sort of the definition of democracy , T - Rex . Not everyone can get everything they want !
Yeah , but what if the majority decide to be totally racist against you ? You're pooched !
People have worried about this before , my friend !
What do they say ?
Well , what you're worried about is called the " tyranny of the majority " , and it's usually countered by the observation that there's at least a push for minority rights being respected in a democracy , since we're all minorities in one way or another .
Right ! Like how I'm in a minority because I sometimese like to sleep in on weekends .
Actually , I'd say most people like to do that , T - Rex .
Really ? Are you serious ? ?
Have all my years of sleepy shame been for naught ?
Vegetarians are chicks and dudes who don't eat a lot of meat for some reason or whatever !
DIFFERENT TYPES OF VEGETARIANISM
First off , you've got your lacto - ovo vegetarians , who don't eat meat but do eat eggs and milk . There's also lacto vegetarians and ovo vegetarians . Then you've got your vegans , who don't eat meat or ANY animal products , so eggs , honey , milk , and cheese are out , and even leather sometimes . For - for shoes .
And pants ?
My favorite are the freegans !
Where you be vegetarian for free ?
Close ! It's where you don't eat meat unless you're given it for free , like from a dumpster . You prevent meat from going to waste , but you don't support its production .
That sounds close to flexitarians , who only eat meat when being vegetarian would be rude or inconvenient !
Now , I myself am a tremendo - meatatarian , which means that I only eat meat that I find to be tremendously delicious !
I've seen you eat fruits and vegetables !
Yes . On account of the golly gosh - darned scurvy .
I am a dude in need of a catchy slogan . Something to put under my name on business cards to convince people they should associate with me and maybe be my friend !
Something like , " T - Rex : Your Man In ANY Situation ! "
That probably sounds more sexually permissive than you intended , T - Rex .
It is a work in progress !
Okay ! How about , " T - Rex : Better Than You Might Expect " ?
Hah ! No , I'm actually looking for slogans that are POSITIVE .
" T - Rex : Not A Pedophile ( Just So You Know ) " ?
Man , that's not positive either !
How about " T - Rex : Your Shortcomings and Regrets , Personified ! "
That's even less positive than the first one ! !
" T - Rex : That Awful Taste in your Mouth , First Thing in the Morning "
No ! I'd be a tasty taste in the morning !
LATER :
" T - Rex : Like Waking Up Covered in Someone Else's Blood , But In A Good Way "
I HAVE LONG SINCE STOPPED SOLICITING SUGGESTIONS , UTAHRAPTOR .
Not bad , though !
The city was dark - too dark . The kind of dark that could drive a man insane .
As I parked my retro car outside of my detective agency , I felt for the cool weight of my gun !
Not just cool temperature - wise , but cool in that it made me look good . Too good . But I had to look good , because my first case of the day was my ex - wife , Fran . Turns out she was bein' blackmailed . Couldn't say by who , but I had a pretty good idea of who it might be . The night was turning out to be a real night . . . to remember .
T - Rex , enough ! Is this story supposed to have a case of the sucks ?
No ! Of course not !
You're kidding me , right ? It's stereotypical , but it's like you're not really sure what the stereotypes are . It reads like a parody where they forgot to put in any jokes ! Also , is it night or day in the story ?
Whoah , ouch ! Last time I narrate any of my stories for you , Mr . Critical Pants !
LATER :
Oh right , Utahraptor's having trouble with this dude he's been seeing ! I forgive his critical outburst .
" TROUBLE AT HOME ? "
I have discovered that I have a weakness . Me ! And though I should probably keep it a secret from my enemies , I will say what it is .
Smell associations !
That's a pretty okay weakness to have , isn't it ?
Is it ? I can be swayed by SMELLS . I loved swimming pools as a child , and now the smell of pool chlorine gives me happy memories of swimming !
So ?
SO , what if there was an evil politician who smelled like chlorine ? I might vote for him , against all better judgement !
I can be mind controlled by smelly enemies . I'm a danger to myself and everyone I know !
That's absurd , T - Rex !
You're worried that there'll be a politician , an evil politician , and once you get a whiff of his chlorine scented ways your pupils will change into little cartoon swimming pools and you'll rush to the nearest polling station to vote for him .
Yes . This is my concern .
FUN FACT : THAT'S NOT HOW SMELL ASSOCIATION WORKS AT ALL !
You don' know me !
FUN FACT : Did you know that if you're in a situation where your messages have a chance of being lost or misunderstood , then you can never fully share information with someone ?
It's totally true , even if all the messages arrive unmolested !
So Dromiceiomimus , imagine I'm sending you a letter that says " hi " . You get it , so now we both know that I said " hi " , but only you know that YOU know that I said " hi " . So you send a letter that says " got it " , which I get - but then I know that you know that I said " hi " , but you don't know that I know that YOU know that I said " hi " . And so on !
We go back and forth sending " I got your 'I got it' " letters forever !
So plausible , T - Rex !
Well , of course we wouldn't ACTUALLY do that , but the point is that we can never know the exact same information , unless it's 100 % guaranteed that the messages aren't lost or garbled . But the mail isn't like this !
Oh man , this is just another one of your dumb postal service conspiracy theories ! !
MEANWHILE , IN THE PAST :
I plan on developing SEVERAL crazy theories about the postal service .
GREETINGS T - REX HAVE YOU EXPERIENCED PLAYING A RAIL SHOOTER GAME
IN MY OPINION THEY ARE A COMPELLING FORM OF ELECTRONIC ENTERTAINMENT
I have not . Okay ? ! Let's talk about something else !
IN SUCH GAMES THE COMPUTER CONTROLS YOUR MOVEMENT BUT YOU CONTROL THE SHOOTING OF YOUR ENEMIES AS THEY APPEAR ON SCREEN
I BELIEVE IT TO BE A CONSTRAINED GAMING EXPERIENCE BUT IN A SENSE A MORE CINEMATIC ONE THAT RAISES THE ISSUE OF WHAT VIDEO GAMES SHOULD BE
Aw , man ! FINE , I'll ask . Video games should be video games , shouldn't they ?
SOME SUGGEST THAT VIDEO GAMES SHOULD TELL STORIES LIKE FILMS OR BOOKS
Well , I don't .
Don't what ?
Don't believe that video games can be judged by the same standards as films . It's the Devil again . I think he's trying to convince me to play a video game with him where you don't get to move .
Sounds like fun !
Right .
IF YOU ARE UNINTERESTED IN HEARING MY TREATISE ON COMPUTER CONTROLLED STORYTELLING I WILL FIND A MORE RECEPTIVE AUDIENCE
Please do ! !
BUT I CAUTION YOU
I WAS QUITE CLOSE TO REVEALING RARE AND POWERFUL CHEAT CODES
I have a friendship crush on all my friends . They're great !
Hello , Dromiceiomimus ! I have a friendship crush on you !
Thank you T - Rex . You're not so bad yourself .
A friendship crush is where you really like a friend , but it's not necessarily sexual , but everyone makes jokes that it's totally sexual , because you like to hang out all the time .
Got it !
Do you have a friendship crush on me , T - Rex ?
Yep !
But You're not supposed to ask . That makes you seem needy ! It causes my friendship crush to fade a bit !
Oh no !
But your regret is bringing it back . Revitalizing it ! No - yes . Yes ! The friendship crush is restored !
Meanwhile , in another comic :
S - Sapphist ?
If I were to be reincarnated , I would like it to be as one of those big machines that eats smaller machines for an audience .
T - REX IN : REINCARNATION COMICS
What ? They're awesome .
BUT THEN !
Does reincarnation work on machines ?
What , you're going to shoot down my idea ?
No , I've just never heard reincarnation including things that , you know - aren't alive .
Some people believe that you can come back as plants ! They're BARELY alive .
They support the entire food chain !
BARELY . So barely ! I've seriously never been impressed with a plant .
Even sunflowers ? They tilt to follow the sun !
Don't get me started about sunflowers . God ! Their salty , boring seeds !
Okay , I may have been a little hard on plants . I concede that , yes , there ARE some plants that actually do some cool things .
AN APOLOGY TO PLANTS
FOR EXAMPLE : there's some dogwood plants that have tiny flowers which bloom , explosively , in something like half a millisecond ! In doing so , they accelerate their pollen at rocket speeds and blast it out at over four meters per second . That's some fast pollen ! And I am not a dude who's gonna say that naturally weaponized flowers aren't cool .
And , I SUPPOSE , plants that cure diseases are pretty alright too .
A retraction !
Well , I realized that I do want plants on my side , even if most of them just sit there . And I do think it's kinda neat how some can turn dirt into strawberries . I've got nothing against strawberries !
You love strawberries .
I do love strawberries .
HOW MUCH DO YOU LOVE STRAWBERRIES T - REX
I don't know . A lot ? They're alright .
To - to fully understand my love of strawberries is to fully understand the unblinking eye of madness ?
I am sick , but not in a good way . In a sore throat way . I am well and truly under the weather !
Me ! Sick !
I never get sick . My sculpted body is invincible to all but the strongest strains of disease and malcontent !
You got sick a few months ago , remember ?
Okay yeah , but this is a REAL sickness ! This is a serious " I should stay in bed so I don't INFECT MY FRIENDS " sickness .
Aw man , are you infecting us right now ? ? Go back to bed !
No , but -
But I thought we - we could get through this disease . . . together ?
Hah ! Nuh uh ! You thought you were bored resting in bed , so you'd come out out here entertain yourself by talking to us ! Meanwhile WE'RE getting disease all up in our trouser shorts .
SOON EVERYONE GETS SICK AND IT'S ALL T - REX'S FAULT :
What is this emotion called " criminal negligence " ?
I wonder what it's like to break up with somebody over the phone . There's only one way to find out !
IT WILL ALL END IN HEARTBREAK
a comic
Dromiceiomimus , pretend that we're dating and talking on the phone , and I'll break up with you , okay ?
Yeah , actually that's somehting I'm not very clear on . Are we dating ?
Dromiceiomimus ! There's no time for talking about FEELINGS now . We're doing an experiment !
Man , nevermind !
Hey , what's going on ? Can I help ?
YES ! Yes , Utahrpator , pretend we're dating and I'll break up with you over the phone .
Okay !
" Hello ? Hello ? I'd like to break up with Utahraptor . "
" Sorry ! ! Wrong number ! "
NEXT TIME , ON DINOSAUR COMICS : SOME UNEXPECTED SUCCESS .
Man ! LET'S GET IT RIGHT THIS TIME . I dail the CORRECT number , call you , and try to break up , okay ?
T - Rex - I don't think it's working out .
LOGICAL SOLUTIONS TO EMOTIONAL PROBLEMS
a comic to solve all your emotional problems
Alright ! Who here has some emotional problems they'd like solved once and for all ?
Hey T - Rex ! Maybe you could help my friend , whose husband makes her jealous because he maintains friendships with women from work .
Your friend should be less jealous ! There is nothing wrong with friendship , and you should tell your friend to be less jealous . Yes - this problem is truly solved , thanks to logic !
Hey T - Rex ! I've also got an emotional problem that needs solving .
I am your man !
How come when people have emotional problems , logical solutions don't usually seem to help , and rather a more difficult emotionl solution seems called for ?
This occurs simply because these people are placing their emotions over the warm embrace of cold , steely logic .
THE END
SO YEAH I HOPE THIS HELPS
I really wish I'd invented fire extinguishers or something . Man !
It would be a great way to be remembered every time someone puts out a fire !
Another shot at immortality , T - Rex ?
Not really ! I just would like to be thought of fondly once in a while . Every time someone puts out a fire would be often enough for me !
Do you know who really did invent the fire extinguisher though , T - Rex ?
Nope !
But , you know , that's his fault , right ? He didn't CAPITALIZE on it . But I would have ! I'd have the extinguishers say " Remember T - Rex ? He was so great , wasn't he guys ? " every time they were use . Just a soft reminder - nothing too loud !
Huh .
A REVELATION :
ALTHOUGH , people sometimes shout " nooo ! " while using a fire extinguisher ON a fire , so onlookers might not be able to hear , OR they might think they're shouting in response to the extinguisher !
It would only add to the confusion .
SOCIALISM COMICS !
Oh - kay ! Socialism is when people share the means of production and stuff . Everyone works together for the common good !
. . . for some reason !
Haha ! See what I did there , Dromiceiomimus ? I implied that socialism is flawed because people don't really have a motivation to share with each other .
It's a tragic flaw of our characters that we don't share as often , or as equally , as we should .
Yeah , that - that was my joke .
Making fun of our fundamental flaws , are we ? Classy !
Hey !
Holy , why is everyone so touchy about the tragic and fundamental flaws of their nature today ? I'm sorry we all don't share enough , but I'm not going to IGNORE it and hope it goes away . I deal with the issues !
Not hardly ! You can't deal with the " issue " of socialism by just summing it up in a few sentences !
True ! But I can sum it up in a play involving everyone wanting some of my delicious ice cream cone !
What ?
And then we all decide to pitch in and take over the ice cream cone factory ?
VALENTINE'S DAY EVE :
Okay , this time for sure ! I will avoid any troubles on Valentine's Day by simply IGNORING it . I will deny this manufactured holiday its very existence !
Have I , perhaps , solved the " Valentine's Day Problem " once and for all ?
Aww ! That's kind of sad , T - rex . What if someone give you a so - bad - they're - good valentine , like those little ones with pictures of cars that say things like " I wheelie like you " ? Would you really want to turn those down ?
Huh ! I actually hadn't considered ironic valentines , which I do like . Hmm . . .
And what if someone wants you to be their valentine for real ?
Well . . . !
Seriously ! What happens if a gorgeous , intelligent , funny woman asks you to be her valentine tomorrow ? Are you going to shoot her down because you're denying that Valentine's Day exists ?
My friend , I will handle that situation by simply " ignoring my principles " and " reversing my position " .
ANYWAY , T - REX ENDS UP SPENDING VALENTINE'S DAY ALONE :
{ { thinking } } Why do they call it " lactose intolerant " ? They should call it , " lactose inconsiderate " .
A singularity refers to a future moment when we create artificial intelligences that are smarter than we are . It's called this because things will be so different , it's impossible to predict past it . Everything will change !
For instance : these smart machines could make even smarter machines !
And so on until we have super duper smart machines that will look on us as mere playthings . Will they destroy us ? Or will we merge ourselves with technology , and in doing so become a new , more cybernetic lifeform ? Our choices seem limited to either becoming something new , or facing irrelevance and obsolescence !
So why does a super intelligent AI make predictions impossible ?
Because too much has changed !
Also because we're too dumb . It'd be like a dog trying to predict what its owner does .
I think most dogs can do that with some accuracy , T - Rex .
Right . Well & # 8212 ; I've never really been one for " apt analogies " .
T - REX IS TELLING THE TRUTH :
Check it ! Eating food in bed is like & # 8212 ; a crappy duck ?
What the heck , everyone ?
Thesis statement : science fiction is a better genre of fiction than fantasy .
Proof : robots are clearly significantly cooler than talking horses !
Conclusion : my thesis statement is correct ! Everyone loves robots and everyone is totally bored whenever they hear about horses with souls that talk about feelings . BORING feelings .
What ? I bet you read just one fantasy book and it happened to have a boring horse that talked about feelings , T - Rex .
One was enough ! !
You do know the two genres are closely related , right ?
They're actually not !
It is a common misconception that science fiction is just fantasy with a justification for the fantastic elements . What people forget is that science fiction rules and fantasy . . .
. . . drools ?
Precisely , my friend . In three different ways .
I DON'T KNOW T - REX I'M STILL NOT CONVINCED THAT YOU CAN DISMISS AN ENTIRE GENRE
Come on , God ! Would you rather battle Klingons on trolls ?
I DON'T REALLY DO BATTLE THAT OFTEN
BUT OKAY YEAH KLINGONS
I would never want to get pregnant . Having to worry about what I eat because there's a baby GROWING inside me ? No thanks !
" A MALE PERSPECTIVE "
There's nothing bad about that , T - Rex ! It's a special experience and you could probably stand to eat better anyway !
The cravings would be a good excuse for eating all the damn bread , but still ! Too much RESPONSIBILITY . I'm dangerously carefree !
Why are we talking about this ?
No reason , just & # 8212 ; sharing !
Well as none of us can get pregnant because , oh hey , we're not female mammals , it's not something I'd expect you to worry about ! " I'd never want to be a dividing cell , because there'd be two of me and we'd be tiny . " & # 8212 ; T - Rex .
I don't recall saying that ! !
LATER :
" I have smelly pants . " & # 8212 ; Utahraptor .
" I love the taste of chocochops ! " & # 8212 ; T - Rex ?
Man ! They are molded chocolate pork chops with a real pork chop bone . Am I now to apologize for BRILLIANCE ?
People are sad sometimes , and that makes me very sad . Therefore , I will dedicate my memorable " problem solving skills " towards solving the problem of sadness once and for all !
WAYS TO BE HAPPY
Way to be happy # 1 : amnesia ! Forget your problems !
This has the problem of robbing you of your present , history , and self , however . Most people like those things ! So Method # 2 is using happiness - inducing DRUGS and ALCOHOL .
That seems to have many of the same limitations as Method # 1 !
TRUE . But I have other methods ! Method # 3 is having a rewarding and satisfying professional and personal life . Tada !
But that's more a definition of happiness than a guide to achieving it , T - Rex !
OKAY .
Luckily , I still have Method # 4 , which is to set unreasonably low expectations for everyone , including yourself .
THAT only works if you're euphoric whenever expectations are met .
MAN ! EVERYONE is making it really hard for me to solve the eternal problem of unhappiness !
BUT THEN , INSPIRATION ! A PERFECT SOLUTION FOR ENDLESS JOY !
W - . . .
Wildly misinterpret your own despair ?
Everybody wants to be remarkable ! Here are some awesome ways to be remarkable :
The first is to go further in something than anyone has before !
For example , maybe you could eat a whole lot of goldfish or swallow tons of orange juice ? Simply think of something people already do , then think of a reasonable limit to that activity , and THEN shoot past it ! It's the " go further than anybody else would ever want to " technique !
Remarkable ?
Precisely !
Do you think everyone wants to be remarkable , T - Rex ?
Aww ! Shooting down my ideas ?
No ! I didn't mean to . I was just wondering if you thought everyone wants to be unique , or if some can be satisfied with just a simple life , quietly well lived .
Well , I suppose the idea of remarkability ties in with a desire for fame , which I SUSPECT is merely a corruption of wanting to be respected .
So yeah ! I can see wanting to be respected but not wanting to be remarkable - it almost seems nobler than otherwise .
Anyway !
You can ALSO be remarkable by , holy shit , memorably cussin' !
Hey , God , would you still hang out with me if I didn't have any friends ?
HAHA NOPE
WHAT IF I HAD NO FRIENDS COMICS
starring t - rex the dinosaur
I'm serious ! I figure it's harder to make that first friend than it is to make the 20th , and I'm concerned that if I moved to a new town where I didn't know anybody , I wouldn't have any friends .
You're good at making friends though , T - Rex ! You're not shy !
But that's just it & # 8212 ; I'm just not shy among FRIENDS ! It is a catch 22 in my social life !
Well , how did you make friends the first time ?
I don't remember , man !
I must have been two years old or something . But I've used that first friend as a seed to get me all my other friends and now I have this irrational fear that my house of cards will come crashing down around me !
Hah ! Looks like you'd better be EXTRA nice to us then !
Wait . Wait & # 8212 ; I have the solution ! All we have to do is make a legally binding promise to be best friends forever , purely out of fear of being alone !
T - That's attractive , right ?
I am no longer worried about not having any friends if I move to a new town . I have turned a crisis into an opportunity ! An opportunity . . .
. . . for personal reinvention !
The key is that nobody will know me in this new town , which means I could be whomever I want ! If I present myself as a grizzled prospector , no one will be able to say otherwise ! I could be a race car driver ! I could be a LIBRARY SCIENTIST .
But - you couldn't get a job at a library , bceause you wouldn't ACTUALLY know library science .
But I could pretend !
So you'd move to a new town just to start a life of LIES ?
Yes !
I mean no ! It wouldn't be lying : it would be REINVENTION . I would be the Star Trek : The Next Generation to my present " original series " .
But instead of androids you'd have prospectors , and fake librarians .
Yes ! In all seriousness , it would let me put behind myself aspects of my past that I'm not happy with .
Like chocochops ?
Like everything I've EVER DONE WRONG OH GOD
I like people whose names tell short stories , like " John Went . " Where'd he go ? Ha ha ha !
I don't know !
I also like people whose names are verbs , like " Pat " and " Mary , " sort of . And I really like people whose names are nouns and verbs AND adjectives , like . . . " Pine . "
I don't think anyone's ever been named " Pine , " T - Rex .
Well , perhaps the name is SO AWESOME that people are simply saving it for the appropriate child !
What about people who are named for their species ?
It's alright !
I kind of wish my name was a verb , too , though , instead of just being a noun . You can't T - Rex something . I've tried . It doesn't work .
You can Utahraptor something though ! Watch !
SOON .
My GOODNESS .
MORE REGRET
I regret spilling a glass of ginger ale on an architect !
I regret the first time I met someone with a thick accent : she was older than I , and we had a little trouble communicating initially , because of the accent . But as I repeated myself to her I found myself unintentionally speaking both slowly AND loudly . I only did it for a little while , and as soon as I realized it I stopped , but I still felt ashamed . I was talking to her like she was dumb , just because of the accent ! I was the stereotypical ignorant racist .
Aw MAN ! Dromiceiomimus wins the regret competition AGAIN ! !
We're out of our league !
We need to do some Olympic - class screw ups and feel REALLY bad about them if we're ever going to win .
I know , I know ! But it seems she's got a regret for every occasion . How can we compete with that ?
LATER , PROFANELY SPYING ON DROMICEIOMIMUS :
She's just sadly staying at home , Utahraptor ! Man ! She's probably regretting things RIGHT NOW !
Fuck me !
Hysteria was once thought to originate in the womb ( " hystera " is the Greek word for " womb " ) . This had the nice side - effect of making men immune to it !
A HISTORY OF HYSTERIA
You sure know a lot about the history of hysteria , T - Rex !
It's true !
Hah ! I might accuse you of that just for fun .
Aw , MAN !
T - REX DECIDES TO EXCISE THE " HYSTERA " ROOT ENTIRELY FROM HIS VOCABULARY , JUST TO BE SAFE :
So I hear you're having a minuswomb operation ?
Excuse me ? I'm having a hysterectomy .
Yes ! A " uter - b - gone " .
A womboval ?
I saw the greatest TV show last night . It ruled !
It SUCKED !
I am using the second " it " to refer to my entire experience watching the show , of course , and not to the show in particular . The program was exactly the sort of thing I had long wanted to see on television ! I HAD vaguely sort of planned to maybe try my hand at writing television , but there's no point now , because the talent behind last night's episode have accomplished all that I would have like to have done . THANKS TELEVISION INDUSTRY .
I would like to extrapolate this up to the societal level !
Please do !
WELL ! Things are great for society but it sort of sucks for the individual , because we can flawlessly record and cheaply reproduce all transcendent artistic work . So as an artist , you no longer have to be the best in your village , you have to be the best in the world !
But - I suppose it's not quite as bad as all that , since different people DO have different tastes . What was the name of this show you liked so much ?
" Babies Sporting Monocles " ?
T - REX MISSED A TRAIN THIS MORNING :
Man , forget that ! Time controls TOO MUCH of our modern lives . I will be the one to fight this creeping chronology by becoming its first true antithesis . Yes ! I will become . . .
. . . the ANTITIME !
Wow , the Antitime , with the full power to reverse time ! will you please turn my grandmother in to a young woman again ?
What ? No , I - I don't actually control time . I'm just against the CONCEPT .
So - no taking back mistakes , no solving problems before they ever occur ?
Nope !
And why is everyone acting like I can suddenly control time just because I gave myself a sweet superhero name ? It's surreal .
Well perhaps the name gave us something to believe in , huh ? Perhaps , in the end , the name was greater than the man .
NEXT TIME , ON DINOSAUR COMICS : T - REX WISHES HE ACTUALLY HAD THE POWER TO CONTROL TIME .
Aw frig , my microwave popcorn ! !
T - REX MISSED A TRAIN THIS MORNING :
Man , forget that ! Time controls TOO MUCH of our modern lives . I will be the one to fight this creeping chronology by becoming its first true antithesis . Yes ! I will become . . .
. . . the ANTITIME !
Wow , the Antitime , with the full power to reverse time ! will you please turn my grandmother in to a young woman again ?
What ? No , I - I don't actually control time . I'm just against the CONCEPT .
So - no taking back mistakes , no solving problems before they ever occur ?
Nope !
And why is everyone acting like I can suddenly control time just because I gave myself a sweet superhero name ? It's surreal .
Well perhaps the name gave us something to believe in , huh ? Perhaps , in the end , the name was greater than the man .
NEXT TIME , ON DINOSAUR COMICS : T - REX WISHES HE ACTUALLY HAD THE POWER TO CONTROL TIME .
Aw frig , my microwave popcorn ! !
Dear poets , I am sorry I've been making fun of your craft for over 20 years . It is actually harder than it looks !
AN APOLOGY TO
POETS
I have been trying , UNSUCCESSFULLY , to write a poem for the past half hour . I am trying to capture the emotion of getting up early in winter , during a heavy snowfall , and going for a walk and coming across a set of traffic lights ( the kind that switch automatically ) controlling traffic that isn't there , traffic that won't be there for hours . The sense of seeing them as art , of watching them through the snowfall in the crisp dusk of a new day .
So let's hear what you've written so far !
Okay , but I warn you : it is unfinished .
" Once upon a time / Some traffic lights did time / Colours on the snow / Where oh where did they all go ? "
Hah hah ! That is definitely the worst poem I've heard all day .
Oh yeah ? Well , not if I do . . . THIS !
" Dancing is crazy ; fun to do / Would you like to dance ? Yes , you ! "
That's actually way better than the last one .
Are there cash awards for poetry , do you know ?
Goodness , I haven't been on very many wacky adventures lately . It's time to change that ! It's time for -
" ANOTHER WACKY ADVENTURE "
with t - rex !
Dromiceiomimus , want to go on a wacky adventure with me ?
Sure ! But this will probably need some planning . We'll need to plan out what we want to do each day , and where , so we can maximize our adventure . We'll need some provisions , too .
That's - that's true . It is best to be sensible about wack adventures . Maybe I'll get back to you in a week ?
My friend , you have to be WACKY to go on a wacky adventure
I'm wacky ! I'm ultra wacky .
I don't know - it seems like a TRULY wacky guy would just set out for adventure , planning be damned . Hey - you know what ? Let's just get up and go on an adventure , right now ! You and me !
Well - sure ! Okay ! Okay , yeah , let's just - you know , set out . For adventure .
SOON : WACKINESS ! !
Hah ! Diseases in the WATER ?
Hello ! You need to fall in love .
TIME TO FALL IN LOVE , EVERYONE
what is the hold up
Everybody needs to fall in love ! To fall in love is to value another person's happiness above your own to want to be with them and make your lives together the bet they could possibly be . Are you saying you would not like to love and be loved ? Of course you would . Your partner is out there looking for you . You should probably get on this .
Whoa , not everyone needs to fall in love !
You are diluting our message here , UTAHRAPTOR .
I'm serious ! People get son hung up on finding " the one " that they forget everything else . You can have an entirely rewarding life without being " so madly in love " with someone ! Close friendships and a private room can offer most of the things love does .
A private room ? Oh man , were you just namedropping M . C . MASTURBATION ?
You can stop calling it that anytime , T - REX .
How had we gone from love to masturbation so quickly ? Had this question been asked before ?
T - REX LET'S INVENT AN AGING MACHINE
A what ?
A MACHINE THAT MAKES PEOPLE AGE REAL FAST
COME ON
IT'LL RULE
LATER :
Tada ! The aging machine is completed !
Dromiceiomimus , what have YOU done today ? I'VE just made a machine that makes people age , with God's help !
So what's the symbolism there ? Is it called " The Life Machine " or something ?
No . No , that would be good but this is actually just a machine that leaks invisible cell - decaying radiation .
Holy cow ! Why would you build something like that ?
B - Because God told me to ?
That's insanely dangerous , T - Rex ! Geez ! ! I'm leaving . I don't want to be around a dude who has a LIFE - DESTROYING MACHINE nearby .
Man , you're right ! What was I thinking ? Well , you can REST ASSURED that I'll be taking this up with God at my earliest convenience .
BUT LATER , ALL IS FORGOTTEN :
So yeah ! That's why I can never see myself using the word " twincest " .
THAT'S FAIR
I am a pretty satisfactory dude , and yet sometimes , I feel incomplete . The reason for this is simple :
I've never been moved to tears by music !
We have this cultural image of some prodigy beautifully playing the piano while everyone in the audience weeps . If I were there , I could only look around in confusion ! I like music , sure , and some of it is very pretty , but to cry about it ? I wouldn't know where to start ! With crying pills , I guess ?
Hey , do crying pills really exist ?
You know , I have no idea !
Maybe they do , but they're just super spicy pills , so people's eyes well up when they bite into them . Anyway !
Anyway ! I've seen you cry at movies .
Man , that's just because movies have sad narratives ! Music just has a bunch of notes that I am entirely unable to relate to on any emotional level . On account of my untrained ears and my magnificent manly heart ?
WAYS TO MAKE SOMEONE FALL IN LOVE WITH YOU
in this instalment : " JUST ASKING "
Can you just ASK someone to fall in love with you ?
Perhaps not !
But ! If directly asking them doesn't work , what about thousands and thousands of implied requests ?
What do you mean ?
What if everything I did was expressly designed to make a certain someone love me ?
That's so manipulative , T - Rex !
It's not manipulative ! It's ADORING .
I don't know - I'm really not comfortable with such intent towards love ! It all seems so calculating and shrewd somehow .
It's simply directing my self - development towards an end result I imagine my target would be happy with , as if to say , " how about now ? "
Wait , did I say " my target " ? I mean my soulmate ! My sweetheart . My mark !
My thesis is that when a guy is like , " am I finally good enough ? " , chicks totally dig it ?
I have written a new story , called " Make Way , Here Comes Tiny Chef ! "
It's about a tiny chef who makes tiny food for everyone !
And although he's tiny in size , his food is always big on taste . Oh ! And there's a scene where he cooks a big banquet for everyone , and it's really good , and everyone says thanks to him all at once , and Tiny Chef says , " Oh , it wasn't any trouble ! " Then he smiles and adds , " Actually , maybe it was just a . . . TINY bit of trouble ? " and everybody laughs . Oh , Tiny Chef !
It sounds like a fun story , T - Rex !
Really ! You approve !
Yep ! It's nice to see you writing a nice wholesome children's book for a change .
Whoah , children's book ? Mine is a book for adults , Utahraptor . My market is fully - grown men and women who would like to find out just a little bit more about one very tiny chef .
For have we all not woken up in the morning only to ask ourselves " What is it really like , being a tiny chef in a world of regular - sized chefs ? Is there no book to explore this tantalizing question ? "
Friends , I have good news ! The answer is no longer 'no' !
I'm not going to leave what happens to me after I die up to others . What if they put on a weaksauce funeral ?
People might equate a weaksauce funeral with a correspondingly weaksauce dude !
Worse , what if they bury me in an UNCOOL part of the graveyard ?
Aww , we wouldn't do that , T - Rex ! We would bury you with all the cool kids .
Perhaps ! But I've decided to solve this problem ONCE AND FOR ALL by arranging my own funeral , plot and gravestone myself . Tada !
This has actually been done before , my friend !
Really ?
Yup ! It is a growing trend in the " moribund set " . People get everything set up in advance ! You can even visit your own grave if you want - the expiry date gets filled in when you die .
Spooky !
Not really , since there's nothing buried there yet ! It is pure FORESHADOWING .
Huh ! It seems less cool knowing that it's been done before . But I guess I COULD still visit my grave and pretend to be a time traveler who's changed the past ! The whole " Noo ! I changed the past ! " idea . You know ?
Like I'm surprised at how sucky a time traveler I am ?
Bisexuality can lead to all sorts of new and exciting self - labels ! Labels like " biknowledgeable " ! " Bisensitive " !
" Bidisillusioned ! "
Hah hah , SWEET . Sorry it's not working out , bidisillusioned dude ! !
T - Rex , I'm not sure if this is fair to bisexuals .
But Dromiceiomimus , there's also being bianxious . And being bitraumatized ! BISCANDALIZATION .
T - Rex -
How BISTONISHING !
I somehow doubt that real bisexuals prefix all their words with " bi " , T - Rex !
Of course not !
It's just the verbs . And the adjectives . Anyway , I think I know what real bisexuals do .
How's that ?
For your information , I have read SEVERAL websites on the subject .
For instance , did you know that whenever women are alone they have pillow fights , and then they practise kissing on each other ? I've seen the pictures !
I mean - I mean my friend has seen the pictures .
IT'S FOR A PROJECT FOR SCHOOL .
EPIPHANY COMICS
Friends are good things to have ! They can help you out when you are sad ( a psychological benefit ) , and can lend you money if you need it ( an economic benefit ) !
It is these positive benefits of having friends that concern me !
I'm pretty sure I like my friends because of the people they are , but what if I'm just kidding myself ? What if I really just like them because they're an economic cushion - someone to bail me out , even literally , if I get into trouble ?
Well - I mean , you'd do the same thing for us , T - Rex .
Exactly ! We hedge our bet by having friends !
There are friendships that go beyond this shared benefit , T - Rex !
How so ?
Okay - what about " best friends forever " , the people in your life who you'll know will stand by you no matter what ?
They are even MORE of an economic benefit ! They are get out of jail free cards , people who you can rely on in any situation .
Wait ! ! My problem's that I'm seeing any positive effect of friendship as income , and thus everyone involved in one as compromised in a conflict of interest . I would only be happy if having friends was awful ! Thanks , rare and brilliant moments of perfect self - awareness !
I learnt a new phrase today !
" Intellectual terrorism ! "
" I first thought it was a ridiculous phrase , both on its own and with all the phrases it suggested , like " emotional terrorism " and " pseudo - intellectual terrorism " . But if ideas are powerful , then maybe you can terrorize someone with them ! Maybe ? Then again , " intellectual terrorism " comes very close to saying that ideas I disagree with or find distasteful are wrong , and worse , damaging and weaponized . Whatever , intellectual terrorism !
How'd you hear a phrase like that ?
In just the way you'd think !
Someone didn't like what they were reading , so they defined its contents as " terrorism " . I think they were serious .
It does sort of suggest that if someone said just the right words to you , you'd become instantly paralyzed with a life - shattering fear .
BACKSTORY : SUCH A PHRASE EXISTS FOR T - REX , AND PEOPLE HAVE COME CLOSE TO SAYING IT IN THE PAST :
The special is chicken masala with rice .
I AM DEFINITELY FLIRTING WITH FREAKING OUT RIGHT NOW ! !
Today is a good day I think for cleaning up my house . Goodness !
BACK STORY : T - REX'S HOUSE IS MESSY ?
I will clean it up REALLY well . I will mop the floors ! I will mop the walls or whatever . I will tear the house down and REBUILD it , metaphorically speaking . I'm illustrating this metaphor by literally stomping on this house !
That's very apt , T - Rex .
Thanks !
And - your metaphor includes stomping on women , somehow ?
Yes !
For you see , the woman represents years of build - up of grime and dirt . By stomping on her I illustrate cleaning power - not of any household cleaner , but of simply applying yourself !
To her .
Yes ! To grime and dirt !
Am I the only dude who truly wishes it were possible to clean a house with METAPHORS ? ?
HEY T - REX HOW COME YOU ALWAYS SLEEP ON YOUR LEFT SIDE
Because it rules ?
COMICS IN WHICH A GOD SUDDENLY FEELS A LITTLE UNCOMFORTABLE
HA HA
UM
I GUESS THAT MAKES SENSE
THE END
COMICS IN WHICH UTAHRAPTOR REPRESENTS THE GEM DIAMOND TRADE
Hey , T - Rex !
Hello !
I'm off to construct private prisons in Africa on my own dime , giving me access to cheap forced labour ! Then I'll sell the product of this labour at hugely inflated prices , thanks to a near monopoly I've constructed . I'll also use decades of ads to convince the public that this item is absolutely necessary to express true love .
Aren't analogies usually non - literal ? He's clearly the gem diamond trade .
Oh yes , I have an idea for the Best Victimless Prank Ever ! Plus it'll give a cashier a good story to tell . Dromiceiomimus , you've got to help me on this one .
Dromiceiomimus ?
Dromiceiomimus , there you are !
Here I am !
Dromiceiomimus , I need your help with a prank . The prank is , we all get some really fake stick - on moustaches even though we're all of age , THEN we put them on and go into a convenience store and we all buy ADULT PORNOGRAPHIC MAGAZINES ! ! Hee hee !
SOON !
Hey , can I get in on this prank too ?
Sure can ! !
SWEET . I'll come in wearing a moustache after you guys leave , but I'll just buy some milk ! That way , the guy at the cash'll be expecting me to hilariously buy some pornos , but no , I'll just buy the milk . Maybe some cheese .
Let's do it !
LATER : A MOMENT OF REFLECTION .
Buying this magazine made me feel dirty and ashamed ! Have I once again thoughtlessly aided the exploitation of our nation's topless lesbian teens ?
Who would win in a fight , Superman or Batman ?
The answer is " Batman " !
Anyone who doubts this need only remember that Batman is really smart , and that they're probably wrong .
Superman has strength !
Batman has BATMAN SKILLS .
Man , Superman could kill Batman before Bats even knew the fight had started !
Oh , he'd know .
Only because you're assuming he's omniscient . The dude has to sleep ! Sueprman could laser him from orbit while he's having nappy times .
Batman doesn't have " nappy times " ! !
Sure he does !
Every time he sleeps he puts a sign on his dor that says " Warning : Nappy Times ! Enter only if you have a valid passport to dreamland ! "
OH GOD
OUR FRIENDSHIP HAS NEVER BEEN SO ENDANGERED
Ladies , your attention please ! Are you aware that I'm a predator ? Don't you find that ATTRACTIVE ? Perhaps , yes ? And what if I told you I was not JUST a predator , but also a grade - A . . .
. . . SEXUAL predator ? ?
Whoah , T - Rex ! What the heck are you doing , making jokes about sexual predators ?
What ? I'm not making jo - OH MY GOODNESS . I honestly didn't even think that it could be read that way ! I meant it in the sense of like , a basketball player and then a grade - A SEXUAL basketball player . Not in the sex offender sense !
Aw man ! ! That's the end of me !
How's that ?
Well - the real meaning of " sexual predator " honestly didn't occur to me until Dromiceiomimus pointed it out , and I had already , um , sort of registered myself on websites dedicated towards keeping track of sexual predators .
Yep ! That would be the end of you !
LATER :
Dear audio diary : today I may have accidentally registered myself as a sex offender ! WHAT IS WRONG WITH MY LIFE
FUNNY JOKES
A COMIC WITH FUNNY JOKES
All right !
Time for some funny jokes !
Dromiceiomimus , here's a funny joke . A skeleton walks into a bar and orders a drink and a mop !
That's not a very funny joke !
Perhaps you are just listening to it wrong ! It's funny because skeletons have no internal organs . Hah hah hah ! How is he animate ? Why is he thirsty ? It sure raises some funny questions !
LATER :
Man , forget her ! Animate skeletons are INHERENTLY FUNNY .
Even if they're not thirsty ?
Of course ! I should be able to say " animate skeleton " and people should just start laughing . For my encore I could say " He's thirsty ! What a thirsty , thirsty animate skeleton ! "
Imagine that !
Right ! " Imagine that ! "
Hmm . . . !
I'm really thirsty you guys
Hey , have they ever made a video game where you get to control a car and your goal is to get it to grow up into a bigger car ?
Because they TOTALLY should !
LATER :
And so it's like - you need to care for your car to make it grow up into a truck and then an SUV and if you're lucky a monster truck . Maybe a plane . Weird cars grow up into boats .
So it's like a pet , but instead of being cute , it pollutes ?
Yes ! People are TIRED of animals as pets . They want cars that age ! I know because I played a game once and that's what I wanted .
But what's the gameplay mechanic ? How does it work ?
Dude , I already said !
You take care of little cars and then they grow up into awesome cars or stupid - lookin' boats . The end ! Fifty points !
What do you actually DO in the game , though ? Do I take my car on nice country drives ? Give it drinks of gas and feed it nice oil treats ?
" Oil treats " ? Come on ! It's called " CHANGING THE OIL " , and it gets you a + 1 happiness in Car Car Simulator Trucko Boat 3 .
Will no - one make my video game dream a fevered reality ?
MEANWHILE , IN THE UNIVERSE WHERE DROMICEIOMIMUS HAS A SECRET SUPERHERO IDENTITY , BUT T - REX SERIOUSLY KEEPS BLABBING ABOUT IT TO PEOPLE :
What a beautiful , crime - free , vigilante - filled day !
Oh , hellow , Dromiceiomimus ! I hear you had a . . . SUPER day today ?
T - Rex , sshhh ! Keep your voice down !
Whoops , right ! I gotcha . I will keep things " on the down low " . It's our secret ! Our secret IDENTITY !
Our - our secret .
SCANT SECONDS LATER :
Hey T - Rex !
Hey !
Hey , have you seen Dromiceiomimus today ? I hear she's got a secret ! A secret one might even classify as . . . " super " ?
Are you saying what I think you're saying ? !
No , I'm just SUGGESTING that if a building falls on you , you might want to call her first .
LATER :
I seriously just can't stop blabbing about Dromiceiomimus's secret identity !
I have finally come up with a way to become immortal ! It's perfect , because I don't have to do anything except DIE , and I was already probably going to do that anyway !
Yes , all I have to do is be reincarnated . Indefinitely !
Isn't that great , Dromiceiominus ? We can have this conversation as many times as we want ! I can stomp on things forever !
well - what form of reincarnation are you talking about here ? A lot of people believe that if you're bad in this life , you might come back as a lower animal the next time , like a sucky dog or a poo bug .
AW MAN ! Sucky dogs ? POO bugs ? ?
Poo bugs are SCIENTIFICALLY the lamest sorts of bugs !
And you're still stomping !
Well , I can't stop now ! Besides if I DO come back as a poo bug , then there's not much damage I can do , right ? Maybe I'll get stomped on by some other dude pretty quickly and it'll be so TRAGIC that next time I get to be an awesome T - Rex again .
I don't think that's how karma works .
THREE LIFETIMES LATER :
Success ! !
I have a secret ! The secret is that I absolutely ate potato chips last night instead of a real dinner .
Nobody must ever find out my AWESOME SECRET !
SOON :
So , Dromiceiomimus - what's up ?
Not much !
That's cool , that's cool . Listen , I believe that it's critically important to have three square meals a day , okay ? That's what * I * believe .
Okay , T - Rex .
Awesome .
Well , that should throw her off the trail !
Throw who off which trail ?
Oh ! Um . . . throw . . . women , off the trail of my - feelings ?
Playing it cool , I see !
You know it !
LATER : MORE LIES , FOR NO REAL REASON
Man , that movie ROCKED , right guys ?
Not really !
I dunno . . . I liked it !
Dear guy whose car alarm went off last night outside my window at three in the morning :
Forget you , man !
Your car alarm is ridiculous . Years of trigger - happy alarms have trained the public to ignore them , and nobody would care if your tastelessly noisy car got stolen anyway . If someone had driven off in it last night as the alarm was blaring , I would have applauded him ! THIS IS WHAT YOU'VE DONE TO MY SENSE OF CIVIC RESPONSIBILITY .
Would you really have been happy if the car got stolen ?
The honest answer is " heck yes ! "
I would have smiled as I drifted back to nappy times . But in my defence , I was really tired ! Plus , the guy was a jerk . He was all , " Man , if my car gets stolen , I want the WHOLE BLOCK to know ! My car is totally important to everybody . "
Maybe the alarm came with the car ?
ANYWAY , THEY TALK ABOUT CAR ALARMS FOR A WHILE , UNTIL A REALLY ATTRACTIVE FRIEND OF THEIRS SHOWS UP !
Oh man ! Let's go to the beach and hang out in flattering swimsuits !
Sounds like fun , guys !
Now THIS is what I call " an interesting narrative " !
It's time for some embarrassing stories !
EMBARRASSING STORIES COMICS
Dromiceiomimus , do you have any EMBARRASSING STORIES you feel like sharing ?
None that I feel comfortable telling right now !
Well ! I suppose that's fair . I did kind of put you on the spot . Maybe - maybe next time !
And maybe UTAHRAPTOR will have some embarrassing stories !
Nope ! I've got nothing .
MAN ! I don't want to be the only dude with an embarrassing past . You must have something !
One time I got a little lost while driving in a new town .
That is so BARELY embarrassing .
T - REX ONE TIME UTAHRAPTOR DRANK TOO MUCH MILK AND WAS UP ALL NIGHT BEING SICK
I've actually done that too !
YOU GUYS
YOU OUGHT TO GET TVS OR SOMETHING
The saddest thing I can imagine is a kid who's very sick , but who still loves to play marbles in the park ! He's got a mobile IV , and one day it gets stuck in a storm drain on the way to the park , and in trying to free it , he loses all his marbles in the sewer .
Aww ! I'm sorry , imaginary dude !
That is pretty sad , T - Rex ! If you want some advice , my secret to making things sad has always been in filling out the background details . If the parents gave the kid the marbles BEFORE he got sick , and if this simple luxury was the last they could afford before the medical bills started coming in , that makes it more sad , I think !
It's true ! Huh ! Thanks for the advice , Dromiceiomimus .
And you could make it even sadder by turning the boy into a puppy !
Huh ?
A puppy ! My secret to sadness has always been to take something sad , and then imagine it's happening to a poor little puppy dog with a broken leg .
It TOTALLY works ! I just thought that losing a job would be sad , but a poor little injured puppy losing its job ? That's heartbreaking !
LATER : T - REX TURNS UP THE CHARM !
Dromiceiomimus ! I've come up with a new saddest thing ever !
What's that , T - Rex ?
A universe where we never became friends .
Awww !
Awww !
" Live every day like it's your last . " How hard could it be ?
LATER :
Upon closer inspection , forget THAT noise !
I'm not going to live my life according to a dumb clich ? saying , and anyway , IF I DID , it would be ridiculous because I'd either end up spending each day in increasing terror trying to do something universally memorable , or , more heartwarming , spending each and every day thanking my friends for their love and watching the sunset while quietly weeping ! NO THANKS .
So you're not going to do either of those things today ?
I guarantee it !
Ah well ! That's too bad . Dromiceiomimus and I had some plans tonight to watch the sunset while quietly weeping . We were going to invite you , but nope !
You know what ? I find the existence of those plans DOUBTFUL .
LATER :
Oh man , a sunset ! Boo hoo hoo !
I will become rich and famous by becoming the world's best baker . My flagship product will be brilliant ! It will be rich , delicious , low - fat . . .
. . . gender rolls !
Hee hee ! Get it , Dromiceiomimus ? They're rolls , like bun rolls , but also GENDER rolls !
So they're shaped like naughty bits ?
No , those are sex rolls . Gender rolls are shaped like housewives and firemen !
And shaped rolls will make you rich and famous ?
Dude , it is certain !
They're animal crackers for a new generation . Come on ! It's a great pun , PLUS , every time you go into my bakery you can choose your own gender roll ! It's brilliant !
Do people HAVE to choose a gender roll ?
They do if they want to use the washrooms , dammit .
Ha ! I have made a hilarious typographic error !
BUT HOW TO PROFIT FROM IT ?
I have started a radio show ! It is an advice show . People can call me and I will give them advice on all of their problems , from being locked out of their house to being EMOTIONALLY locked out of their house in a RELATIONSHIP .
I call it , " I Know ! I'll Ask T - Rex About My Stupid Problems ! "
Do you think people will call into a show with that title , T - Rex ? They'd be , you know , tacitly admitting that their problems are stupid .
This is a good thing ! Stupid problems , like " I bought too much mayonnaise " , are easy to solve . ( The solution is to give away , return , or consume the extra mayonnaise . )
But what if people call in with real problems ?
Easy : my mom answers them !
We're going to team up . I'll answer the silly questions , and there'll be a feature called " Ask T - Rex's Mom " , where she'll answer all the hard questions . Moms are really good at things like that .
That's a really charming answer !
LATER , RECORDING " ASK T - REX'S MOM " !
Dear Stranded On The Moon , that's an interesting problem you have there . It's almost as interesting as how a full grown T - Rex could forget Mother's Day !
Aw MOM !
GREETINGS T - REX ARE YOU FAMILIAR WITH SPEED RUNS
Only in the drug slang sense , which I'm probably inventing right now !
Is it when people do a lot of " speed " and then run around ?
NEGATIVE IT IS MORE ACCURATELY WHEN ONE BESTS A VIDEO GAME IN THE SMALLEST POSSIBLE TIME
I HAVE BEEN DOING A SPEED RUN FOR THE FIRST MARIO BROTHERS FAME AND I CAN ASSURE YOU MY BEST TIME SO FAR VERGES ON INSANELY FLABBERGASTING
So this is like a skill people develop ?
INDEED IT IS AKIN TO A VIRTUOSO PIANO PERFORMANCE IN EVERY REGARD
Well , I guess that WOULD be kind of neat to see !
What would ?
Seeing someone go through a video game as fast as they can . The Devil tells me these are called " speed runs " .
Is he talking about machine - aided runs where you slow down the game and restore , or unassisted runs ?
Um - he didn't specify ?
T - REX PLEASE INFORM YOUR COMPANION THAT DABBLING IN MACHINE - ASSISTED RUNS IS THE ULTIMATE FORM OF HERESY
I guess you'd know about that , huh ? Cause of the whole " religion " thing ?
T - REX
PLEASE TRY TO FOCUS ON THE TOPIC AT HAND
There are some phrases , usually joined by " and " or " or " , that we always say the same way even though it would make logical sense to say them another way . For example : " I am sick and tired of these phrases ! "
Or am I merely . . . TIRED AND SICK of them ?
Eh , Dromiceiomimus ? Pretty awesome ! By saying the words of these phrases in UNPOPULAR order , I subvert people's expectations AND the bolts and nuts of language itself !
That's nice , T - Rex !
Aw , you're not interested ? You just want some quiet and peace ? You're not falling for this sinker , line , and hook ?
So - at the end of the day , what does this prove , T - Rex ?
That I have BLOWN PEOPLE'S MINDS ? ?
Also : that I have played loose and fast with language .
Yeah , I mean , I get what you're doing , but what's the point ?
The POINT , my friend , is - that you should come over for dinner tonight ?
LATER : ALL PROBLEMS ARE SOLVED WITH INVITATIONS TO DINNER :
THIS IS THE POLICE , T - REX ! YOU ARE UNDER ARREST FOR HUMAN RIGHTS VIOLATIONS .
Maybe you'd all like to come and have some dinner first ?
Sweet !
Sleeping with the window open : second best thing ever ?
OR , absolutely the BEST thing ever ? ?
Man , you must really like sleeping with the window open , T - Rex !
Sure do ! I love getting a fresh breeze on my face and smelling the dew on the grass or whatever that night - time smell is . It's great ! In summary and in conclusion : if there's a sleeping with the window open fan club , sign me up to be EL PRESIDENTE .
MEANWHILE , IN A DYSTOPIAN FUTURE !
We're out of food !
And ammo !
What will we do ? Someone will kill us soon to take our supplies and eat us probably !
We're doomed ! Damn this dystopian future ! What kind of world have we made for our children ? ?
Sleeping with the window open still rules , though !
Obviously ! !
Man - it's a totally awesome day today ! And it will probably be a totally awesome evening too , and perhaps even a totally awesome night .
Yes , today is looking up !
It is indeed the first really nice day of spring , T - Rex !
You know what ? We should have a party tonight at my place , just because it's so nice . Could you come ?
I could and I will !
AWESOME .
I'll be there too , T - Rex ! This'll be fun !
Sweet !
It'll be pretty mellow , but I will be ABSOLUTELY CERTAIN to buy some delicious snacks , so we can have tasty things to eat ! Everyone loves tasty things !
Sounds great !
I , in particular , sincerely enjoy tasty things .
BUT , SECONDS BEFORE EVERYONE ARRIVES :
Aw man ! I SERIOUSLY FORGOT TO BUY ANY SNACKS . I am the worst party host ever !
Am I now to live in a world where all my future impulses towards spontaneity will be tempered by no small measure of regret ?
" FLOWERS IN RELATIONSHIPS "
I am against giving your sweetie flowers when you are in a relationship . Oh God ! Think of the symbolism !
The horrible symbolism !
What symbolism ? They just show that you care !
No way ! They represent AFFECTION , right ? They represent your love . But they die in like a week , no matter what you do ! I don't need no punkass flowers reminding me that everything beautiful dies sooner than I want to believe .
So what do you do when you want to give a loved one a present that is alive ?
I buy POTTED PLANTS .
They're still in the ground , so they last for years ! Tada !
Yeah , but they'll still die eventually ! All that's changed is that NOW your sweetie has to care for the plants until then , as they represent your relationship in much the same way the flowers did !
True ! However , the plants now ALSO serve as a constant reminder of me and how I need water ( viz . , smooches ) !
I am writing a book called " Relentless Reminders of Physical Neediness : Maybe She'll Like You Now ? "
Here are some of the worst things I've ever done by accident ! ACCIDENT ONE : slapped someone right in the face !
Kapow !
How was that an accident ?
I didn't see them there , that's all !
And - what ? You were just slapping the space around you to pass the time ?
WHO CAN SAY ? All we really know for sure is that it was DEFINITELY an accident .
Man , that was ME you slapped in the face , T - Rex !
Hah ! Accidentally !
It was only an " accident " after the fact . Before the fact , you were like , " Hey , Utahraptor , I'm going to slap you in the face . I have been planning this slap for weeks and only now does my plan reach fruition ! "
Man , such slander ! You're parents should have named YOU " Sweeps Week " .
By that , I mean to say that you are doing something controversial and exciting in order to get higher ratings ! I'm likening you to a TV show .
We cool ?
Primitivism is the artistic and cultural idea that prehistorical and tribal societies were , and are , better that modern societies .
Okay guys ! Whatever !
The trouble I have with primitivism is the half - assed way it's always evoked : it's this simplified idea of " primitive " cultures , where some things get highlighted while a lot of detail gets ignored or obliterated completely . All the women were totally topless and all the men wore body paint and hunted with spears ! Life was good in the forest !
Primitivism has this strange semi - positive racism attached to it too .
Semi - positive ?
Yeah ! You exaggerate traits as you often do with racism , but you make them positive things instead of negative . Natives were better because they were all stoic and noble and loved Mother Nature . Okay , great , but what if you're native and you're not like that ?
Comedy ensues !
Whoah , did I say " comedy " ? I meant to say " an encounter with prejudice about model minorities " .
Man , you're always screwing those two up ! !
I wonder what it's like , being an attractive woman . Would I be tired of guys coming up and talking to me just because I'm pretty ? Or would I rather find it flattering ?
WHAT IF T - REX WERE A CHICK COMICS
You'd also have to deal with sexual prejudice , T - Rex ! All your bragging about your sexual prowess and " memorable lovemaking techniques " would probably make people think you're kind of slutty !
No !
Yes ! Some people , anyway .
But - I'm not slutty !
Well , you talk like you are , sometimes !
You're always all , " Feelings are boring . Kissing is awesome ! " You should make yourself a shirt that says that and wear it all the time .
I would honestly wear a shirt that says that .
I know ! That's totally why I'm suggesting it .
MEANWHILE , IN THE UNIVERSE WHERE EVERYONE IS AN ATTRACTIVE WOMAN :
Spring break ! !
Zombies ! Everyone loves zombies . They are a window onto the Other ! They let us face our fears of society in a way that is accessible and compelling , as well as accessibly and compellingly cannibalistic !
HEY T - REX CAN YOU SUMMARIZE THAT IN ONE SENTENCE FOR ME
T - Rex loves zombies !
I think what I love best about them is when they're used to represent mindless behaviour in our own society . For example , if instead of me , we saw a ZOMBIE DINOSAUR stomping on this house , then wow ! Suddenly stomping on things is highlighted as maybe something we should think about more ! Are we really acting that thoughtless when we stomp on things ? Thanks for the eye opener , dinosaur zombies !
I bet you like all your social commentary to incorporate endless hunger for the flesh of the living !
Yep !
When feasible , anyway . I ALSO really like it when zombies catch someone and tear them apart , and the person is all " O no , zombies ! My day is ruined ! "
PERSONALLY , I really like how when you wanted something zombies could show as " bad " , you chose stomping on things .
Man , that's just because it was a convenient example ! I am still ENTIRELY IN FAVOUR of stomping on things .
In other news , will the illustrative power of zombies forever be fumbled in my mighty hands ?
Occam's razor is a principle of simplicity ! It says that one should always choose the simplest explanation for something , when given a choice between competing theories of different complexity .
OCCAM'S RAZOR COMICS
Anyway , yeah !
It makes sense !
That's all you have to say about Occam's razor ?
Yep ! As I say , it makes sense .
Huh ! Well , I mean - I agree . There's no reason to prefer a more complex explanation when a simpler one has equal predictive power .
INDEED .
Hooray for Occam's Razor !
LATER : NOBODY FRIGGIN' CARES ABOUT OCCAM'S RAZOR
Holy crap , is that a pet duck ? How do you go about getting a pet duck ?
I MUST OWN ONE .
Time to go back in time and visit the CRADLE OF CIVILIZATION .
SOON : THE PAST ?
Radical !
Wait , Dromiceiomimus ? What are you doing here ? I was trying to go back in time to visit the CRADLE OF CIVILIZATION .
And what , screw things up ? You'd probably end up stomping on the woman from which all our species are descended .
I CAN NEITHER CONFIRM NOR DENY THOSE PLANS .
Wait , you were seriously planning that ? !
No ! Maybe ! I don't know !
I just wanted to visit the most recent common ancestor for all of us - the woman from whom we are all descended , and , you know , chat her up .
If you messed things up it would completely change the present ! If her kids didn't multiply somebody else's would , and everyone alive today would NEVER BE BORN .
Also , you want to chat someone up just because she's related to you ? That's incest , my friend !
My God , is that what " chat up " means ? !
I -
My God .
I have a new philosophy which is terrible AND compelling & # 8211 ; arguably , the best kind of philosophy ! Okay , so ! Some dudes are stronger and / or smarter than other dudes , right ?
Right ! There are some tough and smart dudes !
BUT , none of them are so tough or so smart as to not be afraid of death ( here we are ignoring sage Buddhist dudes who are probably not actually afraid of death ) . So ! In a state of nature , everyone wants to avoid being killed , and so will defend themselves when faced with death . But since we need resources like food and water to live , and they're not infinite , we are constantly warring with one another for access to them .
Everyone is fighting everyone in and ENDLESS BATTLE FOR SURVIVAL !
And the only way out ?
That's for us to realize that war sucks ( it makes us die too ) , and so to give up a little of our freedom in exchange for an ABSOLUTE AUTHORITY who will ensure internal peace and common defence . Tada !
Wow , you've entirely ripped off Hobbes' Leviathan , in which he says EXACTLY THIS .
Not exactly this ! He also says that life in the state of nature was " solitary , poor , nasty , brutish , and short " , a compelling phrase unmatched by my poor offering of " sage Buddhist dudes " . But I have a better phrase !
Is it once again time . . . FOR " SPOOKY PUBES " ? ?
Here's something that I , T - Rex the talking dinosaur , have trouble believing in : true love !
T - REX AND FRIENDS DISCUSS : TR ? L ? V
The problem I have is that so many people claim to have found if , but the odds that you'd ever meet that one person AND that they'd be available , willing , and of the right gender and sexual orientation are really pretty small . CONCLUSION : a lot of people must be faking it !
But " true love " doesn't mean that there's only one person you can have it with !
Debatable ! People often talk about finding " the one " .
I think that you're being too strict about this , T - Rex !
How's that ?
You're reading it as if there's one " true " person that " true love " can refer to , meaning that you've got ONE CHANCE for total happiness in the world , and loving anyone else is just settling for second place or worse ! I've always seen it as referring to , say , how a wheel can be true , when it spins perfectly and doesn't wobble .
TALKING ABOUT LOVE : NOT THE SAME AS ACTUALLY BEING IN LOVE
Hey , since when do you come up with such nice analogies for true love ?
It has always been my special power !
Man ! LUCKY .
Being tall in a world designed for average people can be sucky sometimes !
On account of the occasional back pain , that is !
Whoa , you get back pain ? Mr . " I'm So Tough I Barely Miss Having Feelings ? "
Sometimes ! Only when I do the dishes . It's just because the counters at my house are designed for " norms " , so I have to bend over to wash things in the sink !
( " Norms " is what I call normal people , AND sets of guys named " Norm " . )
Hey , can we segue this into talking about disabilities ?
Sure , I guess !
ALTHOUGH , I'd rather if we didn't . There's a lot of issues and politics around disabilities ( can deafness be something to be proud of ? What do you make of strangers who volunteer to push you in your wheelchair ? ) , and I'd rather not get involved in the debate via my being " super tall " .
Okay nevermind !
LATER , T - REX GETS INVOLVED IN THE DEBATE ANYWAY :
Be it resolved that deaf couples should not be encouraged to adopt children who can hear .
HEY AN AUDIENCE MEMBER HAS SOME OPINIONS HE'D LIKE TO SHARE
ME
I'M THE AUDIENCE MEMBER
Is it possible to imagine something SO INSANELY DISGUSTING that I actually , physically , throw up ? Is my imagination that powerful ?
I actually don't think I ever want to find out !
LATER :
Dromiceiomimus , do you ever approach something new , and sort of decide if you want to be really good at it , or just a dabbler ?
Sometimes , I guess !
Yeah , I do that sometimes too . You know ? Like with painting . I don't think I even WANT to be that good at it . I just like my na ? ve enjoyment of it .
LATER :
T - Rex ! We'll be late for the movie ! !
Just a sec just a sec !
Man , come on ! It starts at 9 : 20 and it's almost nine now and it'll take us about twenty minutes to get there ! The ads they play before the film won't last forever ! !
Okay , okay ! Just a sec !
YEARS LATER :
Aw , darn it ! GROSS !
SOCIoLOGICAL THEORY : We , as a people , have lost the " big picture " , worrying more about problems at home than problems that affect us on a planetary scale ! We have lost a sense of global purpose . And I have proof !
Proof in the form of lyrics from POPULAR MUSIC , baby !
What makes you think this , T - Rex ?
Popular music ! I just said . Popular music . Because in the 60s it was all , " everyone around the world , join hands " , but recently , it's all " people in the house , say 'wayoooh' " or whatever . We are singularly focused on rooms in houses and have forgotten the rest of the world ! Theory : incontestably proven ?
Theory : probably just an attempt to somehow pick up chicks by T - Rex ?
No way dude !
My theory is both funny AND accurate , and I believe you diss stems from the fact that you're JUST JEALOUS of how I pick up chicks with my fine , fine theories .
What chick ? Where are all the chicks ? We're two dudes and we're alone !
I told you before ! THEIR CAR BROKE DOWN . The chicks were all coming to hang out with me in the same car to save on gas , and it broke down . That is what happens to cars sometimes !
Even chicks are subject to ENTROPY , man .
People probably find sleeping in the fetal position comfortable because it reminds them of the womb
Wait , I'm a brilliant psychologist ! ALL COMFORT COMES FROM THE WOMB !
People find hugs comforting because it reminds them of the tight squeeze of the womb ! My kisses are popular because they remind people of amniotic fluid in the womb .
I think you may be doing something wrong if your kisses remind people of amniotic fluid , T - Rex !
Perhaps ! But that is a topic for ANOTHER TIME
What about people who came from eggs ? Like , for example , EVERY DINOSAUR EVER .
Right , right !
Well , I think my points are still valid . I don't know about you , but I do sleep in the " egg fetus " position .
And your kisses are yolky ?
AFTER THIS , WILL ANYONE EVER KISS T - REX AGAIN ? LETS FIND OUT :
Yes , they will !
HAH ! AWESOME
I don't want anything bad to happen to my friends ! I don't want anything bad to happen to people who aren't my friends either , but I don't want anything bad to happen to my friends IN PARTICULAR .
T - REX , UTAHRAPTOR AND DROMICEIOMIMUS STAR IN : COMICS !
The odds are that SOMEONE I know will be a victim of theft or crime or an accident or even violence , and that sucks , because there's basically nothing I can do to stop it !
You COULD stop it if you had absolute dominion over time and space , T - Rex .
You know I don't ! !
You can't really live your life in fear of bad things happening , my friend !
Oh , it's not fear .
It's just - a preemptive sadness , I guess ? Melancholy . By " melancholy " I mean " a thoughtful sadness " as opposed to the archaic definition ( " a black bile once believed to be excreted by the kidneys " ) .
I got that from context , yeah .
EPILOGUE :
I stomped on people while talking about how sad it is when bad things happen ! This is an example of " dramatic irony " .
No it's not !
Utahraptor , you crazy dude ! What are you doing in my epilogue ?
I've come up with the best idea ever ! Oh my goodness . LAUNDRY BAGS WITH GIANT GREEN DOLLAR SIGNS ON THEM . Hah hah ! Am I robbing a bank in a cartoon or am I doing my laundry ?
IT IS DIFFICULT TO TELL !
Are you planning to sell these bags to people who want to turn every laundry day into a chance for arrest , AND ALSO to those nostalgic for the charming visual shorthands of early cartoons ?
I am indeed ! Or at least , I was indeed , until I realized that you could just make your own with just a little fabric paint and a working knowledge of what dollar signs looks like .
I actually think this has been done before , T - Rex !
Aw man , really ?
I did kinda suspect it might've been done before , since it seemed like a really funny idea , but I've never seen any such laundry bags ! I'll just claim to have INDEPENDENTLY invented them .
Like how Alexander Graham Bell and that other dude both independently invented the telephone !
Yes ! I will be that other dude ! I will be forever immortalized as a " second place finisher " in history .
Wait , no , that sucks !
Utahraptor is afraid of ghosts !
Hah hah hah ! Spoooooky !
Utahraptor is afraid of ghosts and his favourite song is " The Gambler " by Kenny Rogers .
I never knew that about him !
It's true ! He also bakes way too many cookies whenever he's baking treats and then when he's done he freezes the extras for later .
I don't do any of those things !
Sure you do !
But allow me to distract you with some facts about Dromiceiomimus : she really likes all kinds of boats . AND , and , she's afraid of heights sometimes !
Hah hah ! Really ?
Yep !
ZERO OF THESE FACTS ARE TRUE T - REX
I am making life interesting ! Also , did you know the Devil likes grape juice from concentrate ?
HAH HAH MAN HE PROBABLY DOES EH
Wouldn't it be totally neat if life was more like a text - based adventure game ?
" You look around and see that the answer is yes ! "
It'd be great because people would have solid goals - nobody would be left wondering what to do with their lives !
But everyone would demand you do favours in exchange for inventory items !
Yeah ! Plus , we'd have omniscient second - person narration !
Have you bee talking to the Devil , T - Rex ?
Nopers !
Huh ! This really sounds like something he'd come up with . Anyway , I'm pretty sure this would be sucky , because we'd all be in bed thinking " get up " and then thinking " I don't see 'up' here " , and then thinking " get out of bed " , " stand up " , " and so on " , until we hit the right syntax to get ourselves moving . No thanks !
LATER , T - REX COMES ACROSS A GIANT CRUISE SHIP !
" take boat "
New bike day is when everybody gets new bikes !
NEW BIKE DAY
Woo ! New bike day !
And then , after we all get the new bikes , do you know what happens ?
What happens ?
What happens is we all receive gold medals for having such nice bikes !
LATER :
Now , we DEFINITELY have to name our bikes .
I've got my name picked out !
My bike will be called " Susan " .
My bike will be called " Sexual Intercourse : The Bike " !
MAN . That's a good name too .
LATER :
Guys , guys - our gold medals are made of solid and delicious CHOCOLATE ! ! I'm SO GLAD new bike day truly exists here , in the real world .
Let's hear it for reality , huh ?
I FEEL LIKE I DON'T REALLY HAVE A SOLID OPINION ON THE REALLY BIG INTERNATIONAL ISSUES . THERE'S SO MUCH TO THEM - SO MUCH NUANCE ! HOW CAN I HAVE A DEFENSIBLE OPINION ON SOMETHING I DON'T FULLY UNDERSTAND ?
HOWEVER ! I DO HAVE MANY UNSOLICITED OPINIONS ON SMALLER , LOCAL ISSUES !
THOSE ISSUES I CAN UNDERSTAND COMPLETELY , AND THERE I DON'T FEEL LIKE SOMEONE WHO JUST HAPPENS TO KNOW THEIR STUFF BETTER COULD BEST ME IN AN ARGUMENT .
WHAT KIND OF ISSUES ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT ?
OH , YOU KNOW - ISSUES LIKE " SHOULD MOTHERS WITH BABY CARRIAGES BE ALLOWED TO BE EXTREME . "
MAN , DID YOU SEE HOW EXTREME THAT MOTHER WAS ?
WITH THE BABY CARRIAGE ? YEAH !
SHE WAS TOTALLY EXTREME .
I NEVER SAW A MOTHER SO EXTREME . HAVE YOU ?
YOU KNOW I WOULD'A MENTIONED IT TO YOU IF I HAD !
GUYS THAT MOTHER WAS SO EXTREME !
GOD ! ARE THERE YET ANY LAWS AGAINST MOTHERS BEING EXTREME , DO YOU KNOW ?
NOT YET NOT TO THE BEST OF MY AWESOME KNOWLEDGE NO
Who here had a series of dreams last night where they were back in school and missing assignments ? The answer : me , T - Rex !
T - REX HAD SOME CRAZY DREAMS LAST NIGHT AND HEY , HE'S STILL TALKING ABOUT THEM
It was nuts ! I never had such a stereotypical dream before . I got in an assignment late and was trying to convince the professor to accept it , only he didn't want to and kept critiquing my penmanship . Also the assignment was on pink paper . I think it was the only paper I had !
I had a weird dream last night too !
What was it ?
I was a teacher with a student who kept handing in assignments late , ON PINK PAPER .
NO WAY . NO WAY .
Yeah man ! And I think the student in question was - GREEN ? ?
MEANWHILE , IN DREAMLAND !
Professor , there must be SOMETHING I can do to convince you to take this assignment . . .
This dream has taken a turn for the sexy !
I know ! What is the friggin' deal ?
I had the weirdest dream last night . Again ! Two nights of memorable dreams in a ro : A NEW PERSONAL BEST .
I dreamt I was a cockfighter !
LATER : RUMOURS SPREAD .
Hey ! You punch out turkeys ?
No !
That was in a dream . A DREAM . I never actually punched out a turkey .
I heard that parents should lock up their turkeys , because you'll punch them out !
No ! ! I promise to never punch out a turkey .
YEARS LATER : PROMISES ARE BROKEN .
Hey , how come my turkey is unconscious ?
Good heavens ! I HAVE NO IDEA . What ? ?
I am a dude with a lot of OPINIONS . Sexy opinions ?
Hells yes !
But ALSO , all sorts of opinions , including the UNSEXY . Give me a subject , Dromiceiomimus , and I'll demonstrate !
Okay - lemons !
I am for them ! Citrus is INSANE !
Premarital sex !
Well , um , you must be both prepared and careful , and decide for yourself ?
My friend , a dude with so many opinions should have his own website , just for them !
Oh wow !
Can I do that ? A website just for my opinions ? Is that seriously allowed ? ?
I do believe so !
Sweet ! ! I'm so doing it . I'm going home RIGHT NOW and making a website with all my awesome opinions ! It will REVOLUTIONIZE the internet !
WALKING HOME , T - REX HAS AN EVEN BETTER IDEA :
Oh man ! !
Dogs / DOES EVERYONE LOVE DOGS ? ? ? / You can eat them but you shouldn't . / [ animated working man under construction gif ]
Am I doing the right thing with my life ? What if what I'm doing with my time is actually something I will one day regret ? What I NEED is some way to measure regret for every action and career path .
TWO SECONDS LATER :
Done and DONE !
All I'll need to do is ask old people about their lives , and measure how many of them regret certain things ! This " regret index " will range from 0 ( no regret ) to 1 ( total ultimate regret ) . With it , I can tell kids today that if you rub spider eggs into your eyes , you're 96 % likely to regret it , but if you drink delicious lemonade and pop wheelies , the regret index on that is near 0 !
So basically you're just asking people what they liked and what they didn't like ?
Yeah !
But " regret index " makes it sound more scientific . I honestly think this could be useful ! You could find out how many people are still happy that they memorized every Star Trek episode !
I know I am .
I , too , remain fully satisfied .
EARLIER :
" Make it so . "
It all goes in the vault !
How come it's not cool to have stories with morals at the end anymore ? Are we too ironic and cool to appreciate a story that , you know , just straight - out tells you what to believe ?
Seriously ! How come ?
I liked it when you read a story and you knew that at the end , the moral would be spelled out for you in the last sentence , so you'd be sure you didn't miss anything . Does slow and steady win the race ? Can this be clarified in the conclusion somehow ?
You're saying you wish more literature was like fairy tales ?
I guess so !
Well , instead of complaining about stories you don't like , why not write some that you do ?
YES ! and we'll have a " story off " where we write stories and compete with each other !
Okay . I guess that's what I'm going to spend my life doing today .
AT THE " STORY OFF " :
Once upon a time there was a bashful cat named " Neutron " . He had so many fingers .
ADD A LOVE INTEREST !
It's my turn right now , T - Rex !
MY STORY HAS TWO LOVE INTERESTS
I wonder : what's the strongest emotion ? What's the most powerful emotional experience I can look forward to ?
NOBODY SAY LOVE !
Love isn't allowed because it's TOO OBVIOUS . What's the strongest non - love emotion , Dromiceiomimus ?
Hate ?
Okay , hate isn't allowed either on account of house it's ARGUABLY the opposite of love .
Um . Boredom ?
I think the strongest feeling is that of shame , T - Rex !
A good choice , my friend !
But , are you not forgetting the memorable emotion of hunger ?
Hunger isn't an emotion .
Then why do I suddenly FEEL hungry , hmm ? Riddle me that !
MEANWHILE , IN THE CHILLING " HUNGER UNIVERSE " :
Constant hunger has robbed me of all identity .
It's been what - four thousand years of civilization ? Five thousand ? How come we haven't solved all the problems and answered all the questions ?
I think , as a people , we have kind of dropped the ball !
Seriously ! I can't think of any revolutionary philosophical discoveries - like one that would make us all friends - that we've come across recently . Man , even DEMOCRACY was invented in Grecian times and we've just fleshed out some of the details since then . How come we haven't made any ultimate discoveries of essential truth ?
We have , T - Rex ! We have made all sorts of SCIENTIFIC discoveries .
TRUE .
But the big questions - why are we here , where are we going - these are left OPEN despite lifetimes of work being thrown at them ! I expect nothing less than total truth and civilization has given me five thousand years of LETTING ME DOWN .
Civilization probably meant it personally too !
LATER , T - REX IS TRYING TO DISCOVER ESSENTIAL TRUTHS AND IT'S SO HARD :
Man , forget this ! I take back some of the things I said about civilization !
TRYING TO DISCOVER AN ESSENTIAL TRUTH :
I have had a revelation ! I am wasting my time trying to discover one ultimate essential truth , when really I should be looking for essential truths , plural !
T - REX THE DINOSAUR IN : ESSENTIAL TRUTHS , PLURAL
What's true for you might not be true for me , Dromiceiomimus ! Indeed , what's true for me today might not be what's true for me a month from now . I accept that there are many ways of living and that all that needs to be discovered is what is right for me , as an individual !
Okay ! Now I'm late for the dentist !
Are you serious about this , T - Rex ?
Somewhat to moderately !
Well , there are many ways of living , but those are lifestyle choices , not truths ! All you're really doing is applying the label of truth to circumstances , desires and trends . The truths you're looking for are more universal , aren't they ?
Well ! SO MUCH FOR THAT LITTLE SHORTCUT .
LATER , STILL TRYING TO DISCOVER ESSENTIAL TRUTHS :
Maybe it's universally true that everyone likes . . . to party ?
WE DON'T LIKE TO PARTY T - REX
Good God ! What are you cephalopods doing in my bedroom ? ?
CHILLAXING
I have gained provisional access to a shortwave radio ! Last night I was flipping around and discovered a NUMBERS STATION . Question : how excellent is that ?
Answer : TOTALLY EXCELLENT ? ?
If you're unfamiliar with them , Dromiceiomimus , number stations are radio stations that play pre - recorded voices reciting long strings of numbers , often with a short musical cue beginning or ending the segments . They are encoded communication often meant for spies , encrypted using one - time pads !
Neat !
I KNOW .
I love that I live in a world where I can hear actual secret messages for spies !
What are they like ?
Entertaining and affecting and surreal . Man ! Can you imagine waking up one day and finding that all the radio stations have been replaced by a little girl's voice reading out endless strings of numbers ? It would be GREAT .
And menacing .
And GREAT .
It would be like , " Hey , I wonder what's on the radio ? Oh , it's '39398 32348 59378 70636' ! "
Yep ! That's what it would be like !
And then the dude would be like , " IT'S TOO AWESOME MY MIND IS BREAKING " ?
I have come up with a perfect way not to believe in anything wrong ever again . Evidentialism
A belief is justified only if there is sufficient evidence to support it !
Therefore , I won't believe in things like faith healing , because there's no room for faith in evidentialism ! I also don't believe there's convincing evidence for anyone having kissed someone SO HARD that both people exploded , so I will have to regretfully concede that I don't believe that's happened yet either . But , at least I won't believe in anything I can't prove ! Thanks , evidentialism !
But - how do you know to believe your evidence , T - Rex ?
Dude ! It's EVIDENCE .
Yeah , but this evidence must need justification to be believed . So evidence requires its own evidence , and so you have an infinite chain of proof . This spells disaster for you my friend !
A valid attack , perhaps strengthened by the old " What if we're all just brains in jars " question !
BUT ! What if I switch my beliefs to foundationalism , in which I mark a few beliefs as " foundations " I consider to be " self - evident " ?
Then you have abandoned evidence for faith !
Faith , AND the possibility of weaponized kissing ? ?
The worst part of owning a cape is having to find excuses to wear it .
T - REX HAS A CAPE
LET'S SEE WHAT HAPPENS
Luckily , I am just the dude to manufacture such excuses ! I have the perfect plan . Since it sucks to be the only dude in the room wearing a cape , I will simply start telling people that EXISTING holidays are now cape - wearing holidays . Like . . . Thanksgiving !
Thanksgiving ?
Yes ! It is now a day to give thanks AND wear stylish outmoded fashions .
NOW IT'S THANKSGIVING !
You forgot to wear your stupid cape , T - Rex !
Aw damn ! !
But YOU forgot to wear it too , Utahraptor .
Yeah , but I was never going to .
Well ! I certainly hope you'll change your mind for VAMPIRE DAY next week . I'm DEFINITELY not forgetting my cape for that !
NOW IT'S VAMPIRE DAY !
Aw damn ! !
Pantheism is the belief that everything , the entire universe , is literally God !
WHAT
Like I said ! The universe and God are the exact same thing !
We all get to be divine , Dromiceiomimus ! Better , everything I do is an act of God ! Right now , THIS aspect of God wants to stomp on this other , more housey aspect of God .
I'm not sure that's how pantheism works ! Isn't it more like , we're all cells in the " body " of a divine universe ?
I see it more like , every tasty thing in the universe is God , and I'm getting HUNGRY .
T - Rex , you're just redefining " God " to mean " existence " !
Perhaps !
But PERHAPS by making everything special , by spreading that divinity around a bit so that everyone gets a piece , we'll all see our world as the extraordinary place it is .
Right . Or more likely , you just want to say " I'M GOD AND GOD WANTS GODLY SANDWICHES " .
GOD DOES WANT GODLY SANDWICHES T - REX
Dude ! It's not like you can't just make your own !
I LIKE IT WHEN YOU CUT OFF THE CRUSTS
THE SEXIEST JOB COMPETITION :
The sexiest job competition is tasked with finding out who has the sexiest job . We must begin !
BEING T - REX :
Congratulations self ! You are our leading candidate !
GUY WHO GIVES OUT PARKING TICKETS AND IS REALLY KIND OF A JERK ABOUT IT :
You do a profoundly unpopular job . I am sorry to announce that yours is the least sexy job thus far .
Why do you have to be kind of a jerk about it , parking ticket guy ?
INTERNET CARTOONIST :
That's pretty sexy , I'm told !
I'd do anyone who has their own website !
GUY WHO BITES HIS OWN TOENAILS :
I respect how you've made a career out of it , yet , it's still gross !
But he's not even biting the toenails of others . I'm confused on the economics of this . Is it - performance art ?
There's one way to find out !
Hey ! HEY DUDE ! TOENAIL DUDE !
Huh ?
HOW DO YOU GET PAID ?
num num num
TIPS FOR MEN
Attention Men ! Are you a man ? Here are some tips !
Tip 1 : Grooming is important !
This means that you have to shower and if you always wake up with food on your face then you have to understand that you have a problem . We all have problems , but yours is that you go to sleep beside bowls of wet salad and then in your sleep , you tip over the bowl . You need to work on that . I don't know what to tell you .
Tip 2 : prostate exams : apparently important ?
Apparently prostate exams are pretty important !
Tip 3 : In some situtations , like truck stops , manliness is measured by virility , so you may wish to boast of sexual conquests . But in other situations ( job interviews ) , it's measured by problem solving skills and your ability to work in groups !
True men can easily distinguish between such situations .
TIPS FOR WOMEN
Attention women ! Sometimes men fall asleep next to bowls of wet salad . I don't know what to tell you .
" A LOG ON THE HEAD "
I have a friend who was hit with a 40 pound log on the head . She might have a concussion ?
What's the deal with THAT ?
What's the deal , logs ?
Hey , is your friend alright ?
Yeah , she's fine !
She might have a concussion , but yeah . Still . I blame logs .
What happened ?
She was at a log stacking show and this one chick totally sucked at stacking logs , basically ?
AT THE LOG STACKING SHOW :
Man ! My grandmother could stack logs better than you !
You're not allowed to heckle !
What are you gonna do ? Accidentally bean a friend of mine with a log and then feel powerfully guilty about it ? ?
I think that comedy goes bad after a while ! I don't think I've EVER laughed at a joke that's more than two hundred years old .
Screw you , comedy !
It's not just that jokes get dated , but that whole standards for comedy shift , I think . Stuff that was edgy fifty years ago is old hat today ! We can recognize HOW it was supposed to be funny , but there's comedic writing from a hundred years ago that goes right over our heads today , simply because we don't have the cultural context to recognize that jokes are being made , that parody and satire are taking place . Ouch for those guys ! Ouch for us in 200 years !
Well , most everything changes with time , T - Rex !
I guess !
But I think comedy changes more than most . We can read serious writing from centuries ago and the arguments are WAY more accessible than any jokes .
I guess that's true , but I'm sure there are also " stupid people do stupid things " jokes that are pretty timeless .
Oh man , I never told you ! One time , I saw a stupid guy nobody likes eating too many bananas ! !
Hah hah ! Why'd he do that ?
'Cause he was dumb !
Dumb for BANANAS .
Okay , so perhaps there ARE those who find old jokes in old books to be hilarious , and we just happen to have different senses of humour ! IT MAY HAVE BEEN A MISTAKE TO GENERALIZE ACROSS EVERY LIVING THING THAT CAN LAUGH , AND ALSO READ .
This I do concede !
But , I still think that it's true that , given a random joke from the present and one from the past , the average person will be more likely to laugh at the present joke , just because they have more context . I'm convinced present - day jokes about airplane food will fade in cultural relevance and become less funny as airplanes are replaced by HoverPants !
Hey , nice move , T - Rex !
Ah , you refer to my classy search for a middle ground !
No , I meant the whole " shift the argument to the future " thing , so that nobody can disagree with you ! It was smooth .
Hee , it's true ! It's the same argument , but since the future doesn't exist yet , nobody can really argue with me about it one way or the other !
MEANWHILE , IN THE FUTURE :
The hell ? What was I saying about us not existing ?
I dunno man !
I would have words with past T - Rex ! That dude has a lot of STALE FRIGGIN' OPINIONS .
Man ! What is the DEAL with triflin' friends indeed ?
They appear to reliably take my money when I'm in need !
Dromiceiomimus ! Here's a crazy question . Would you say that YOU are a triflin' friend indeed ?
I would not , T - Rex ! I would not . I'm not triflin' !
I don't know & # 8212 ; are you sure you're not possibly . . . . triflin' ? ?
You don't even know what the word means ! You got it from a song .
EARLER :
I am IN LOVE with this song !
Which song ?
The " Gold Digger " one . It's about a woman who is a gold digger , and then the narrator suggests to her that maybe she's a gold digger !
Then what happens ?
Then she takes the narrator's money when he's in need !
EARLIER :
What's this , a radio ?
we want pre - nup
What if this is the high point of my life ? What if it's all downhill from here ? ! That sucks !
For me ! !
I kind of hoped I might go a bit further than this in life , but then again , maybe not . It's entirely possible that this , right here , is as far as I go . In 10 years I could be that guy who is WAY too nostalgic for the past . " Remember how great it was before I screwed up my life , guys ? " That'll be me .
I'll be that guy !
I could be TOO TIRED from the weight of a life squandered to stomp on even the smallest of log cabins and women .
Maybe !
But I honestly don't think you'll be that guy . You'll probably end up doing something different than you expect right now , but that doesn't mean you've FAILED AT LIFE .
I don't think so either , really , but maybe guys who peaked in high school thought this too ! Then they made some bad decisions .
People who've made bad decisions : I salute you !
VISITING OLD FRIENDS COMICS
Hooray for visiting old friends !
Old friends are the best kind of friends because you still get along really well , even though you maybe haven't seen each other for a long time . It is a time for healthy nostalgia and for talking of tomorrow !
But current friends are good too , aren't they T - Rex ?
Yes ! My endorsement of old friends is not meant to be taken as a slight against friends currently in rotation .
What do you like best about visiting old friends , T - Rex ?
An excellent question !
I think what I like best is how you have the intimacy years of friendship provides , but also the perspective gained from any time spent apart . It lets you be honest with each other ! You can see how everyone's changed and talk and laugh about it .
That's great - BUT WHAT ABOUT PEOPLE THAT DON'T HAVE ANY FRIENDS ? ?
Aww ! Well , I'll be their friend , unless there's a good reason why they don't have any friends , such as rampant murderism or incurable stealie - o - holicism .
Neither of those are actual afflictions , T - Rex !
Then we're SET !
HEY T - REX HOW MANY EMOTIONS ARE THERE
How many emotions are there ? ? I can think of at least three .
Desire , elation , and rage !
YOUR LIST OF EMOTIONS IS A SHORT STORY HUH
Yep ! It's about a woman who desires something , then gets it and is pretty elated about the whole thing , but then , AFTERWARDS , she's pretty pissed .
COOL
I think emotions are not discrete but rather a continuum , T - Rex !
I find your views interesting ! Tell me more !
The emotions we have in English are just labels we've applied to a SPECTRUM of feeling . You can almost always divide existing emotions into smaller , more precise chunks ! For example , your well - known satisfaction at eating cereal in the morning is an exact , identifiable , reproducible joy that I can only label " breakfast pleasure . "
Breakfast pleasure ! Finally , I have words for that most sublime of satisfactions ! ! BREAKFAST PLEASURE . I love breakfast pleasure .
I know , T - Rex .
I'm not entirely certain that you do !
Has this strapping young dinosaur perhaps become a little . . . COMPLACENT ?
It's time to go traveling !
This is because travel beats complacency if you do it right ! When you're traveling as a backpacker , outside of the regular tourism industry , you're off the beaten path AND doing a lot of new things all on your own . You meet new people and , since you're put in an environment where you're probably less comfortable than you usually are ( both literally and figuratively ) , you're in a prime situation for self - discovery as well !
So you'd rather do your own thing than go on a big tour with a travel agency ?
Absolutely !
But - I mean , I know it's not entirely a positive thing . All tourism can change the areas it touches ! My role as a backpacker COULD be seen as an advance scout for the larger tourism industry - and if I find something wonderful , odds are others will soon follow .
So what's the solution ?
I don't know , man ! Stop traveling ? Encase unspoiled areas in amber ? Use spaceships to colonize new planets and therefore delay the issue until there are no new frontiers ?
That last one sounds pretty awesome !
That's cause it's got rockets !
Hey ! Hey Utahraptor ! Do - do you think that some guys go to liquor stores to pick up chicks because they know everyone there is over 18 ?
Or at least -
- willing to pretend ?
Hah ! Aw ! That's terrible , T - Rex !
Dromiceiomimus , what are YOU doing here ? I thought it was Just The Guys !
It seems that , once again , I have become privy to guy talk due to conversational negligence ! !
Disaster !
So personally , Dromiceiomimus , I feel that -
Hey , where is she ?
Whoah , Utahraptor ! I thought that DROMICEIOMIMUS was behind me !
Nope ! Just me , your male friend Utahraptor ! Were you about to have a conversation about feelings ?
NO . NO I WASN'T .
Incidentally , I don't have any friends who aren't gendered !
Man , forget television , books , films , short films , to a lesser extent plays and other theatre , and the remaining popular media ! They have cheapened emotion by putting it on constant display .
This I do believe !
Maybe " cheapened " is too strong a word , but it's now - routine ? Predictable ? Now if we've made a big mistake we can't say " My God ! What have I done ? " because it's too clich ? : we either have to acknowledge that or reach for another way to express it . IN CONCLUSION AND IN SUMMARY , the highest experience life can offer us have already been acted out for us , cheapened by imitation and reference instead of experienced firsthand !
Do you really feel this way ?
Sometimes ! Especially when I get angry .
It's just that - it can be hard to have a meaningful conversation when you're dancing around all these clich ? s .
Well , actually , that's one of the things that first attracted me to you : your ability to IGNORE popular culture , your willingness to talk as if nobody's listening .
Aww ! That is me ! I talk as if nobody's listening , I dance as if nobody's watching , and I eat as if nobody's hungry .
That last one is a BIT less attractive .
I also vacuum as if nobody's going to get their carpets any cleaner !
Daaaamn !
I am writing the best story ever ! In it , I simply APPROPRIATE a popular novel , and then place its author in a generalized version of its premise ! THEN , the author has eerily familiar , but thoroughly modernized , adventures .
So , it's like , H . G . Wells actually has a time machine that he uses for wacky escapades !
And then he goes back in time to meet Edgar Allan Poe , who actually IS haunted by the supernatural and has a creepy raven in his study , next to the silken sad uncertain rustling of his purple curtains . After picking up Mary Shelley , they ALL go forward in time and meet Patricia Highsmith , who is surrounded by morally compromised antihero neighbours ! Then they all go on a train ride and have an adventure .
Then what happens ?
THEN , my friend , the story writes itself !
And at the end , all the characters high five each other and go home to their own times , promising to write their own versions of what happened . Then , they all write their most famous works !
Huh !
MUCH LATER :
Edgar Allan Poe ! What are YOU doing here ?
I'm just chillin' on your couch , T - Rex !
Awesome ! I like how you rhyme .
Edgar Allan Poe , I have things to do today ! We can't hang out the entire time .
I don't want to hang out the ENTIRE time , T - Rex , I just want quality time when we DO hang out . I need quality , not just quantity !
Edgar Allan Poe ! You are so needy .
When you call me " needy " , T - Rex , you make me feel like I'm crazy , just because I want to spend time with you ! That's not crazy : that's what friends do . If you don't want to be friends with me then we should talk about that , but if you do , then you need to spend more time with me .
Edgar ! We're spending time together RIGHT NOW ! That counts ! It HAS TO count if you follow me around .
Hey , your friend back there looks just like Edgar Allan Poe ! That's crazy !
That's because he is !
Hey , here's a fun fact for you : Edgar Allan Poe has access to a time machine , and ALL HE WANTS TO DO is talk about our relationship .
T - Rex ! He's right nearby ! He can probably hear you .
I'M FINE WITH THAT . HELLO POE .
BUT SOON :
I'm sorry I snapped at you , Edgar Allan Poe !
I'm sorry I didn't listen to you when you said you needed space , T - Rex !
Can you - can you keep this out of your famous and memorable poems , do you think ?
Today is a good day I think for keeping all my wicked sweet opinions to myself ! I will keep my own counsel .
* gasp *
the end
LATER :
Hey T - Rex , what's up ? You seem kinda - silent !
That's because I am !
I am keeping all my awesome rad opinions to myself today .
Oh . Why ?
Things were just going that way ! But who knows what tomorrow will bring for me , T - Rex ?
TOMORROW :
Today is a good day I think for eating hobosnacks ! Hobosnacks are snacks for hobos . I think they're commercially marketed as " Cheetos " !
This is a laundromat , sir !
Indeed ! !
I am PRETTY SURE that I could be a pretty great soccer player if I really tried to be ! I just haven't explored it ! It's probably one of my many
HIDDEN TALENTS
I'm probably ALSO really good at surfing , stand up comedy , cross - stitching and helicopter theft ! I just haven't tried them because I prefer believing that I have secret talents the world hasn't seen to knowing for certain that I don't actually have anything special and secret in me waiting to be accessed .
You prefer hidden talent to palpable failure !
Precisely !
Well , why not just reframe them so they're talents that you HAD , but missed out on ? Like , you could have been a great soccer player if only you'd practiced when you were a kid . So the talent's still there , it's simply your flabby aged and relatively enfeebled body that's no longer suitable !
MEANWHILE , IN THE UNIVERSE WHERE T - REX HAS BEEN STEALING HELICOPTERS SINCE HE WAS EIGHT :
I'm so awesome at stealing copters , but I wonder if I could ever be good at stomping on things !
Is this finally a conundrum that CAN'T be solved with helicopter theft ?
A CAUTIONARY TALE FOR ALL THE CHILDREN
Gosh , am I the ultimate friend ? I am supportive and a good listener ! I do favours and care and keep track of everything that's going on in my friends' lives .
T - REX : THE ULTIMATE FRIEND ?
You're a good friend , T - Rex , but I'm not sure if you're the ultimate friend ! It seems to ME that the ultimate friend would come over and do my dishes for me .
Aha , my friend , but once again I said " the ultimate friend " , not " the utimate pushover " ! But I'll still do your dishes sometimes , if I'm there !
Aww !
Ultimate Friend , close your eyes and tell me what colour my eyes are !
Easy !
Your eyes are a distinctive shade of . . . icy blue ! !
Nope !
Piercing Orange !
Nope !
A chartreusey shade of puce ?
Nobody's eyes are a chartreusey shade of puce .
THE END
Today I am going to try to be a better friend . I will tell secrets , as secrets are one of the MANY currencies of friendship ! I will also listen to what my friends have to say , and then make helpful comments that solve every one of their problems !
EVERY
SINGLE
ONE .
Well T - Rex , here is one of my problems ! A friend of mine is pregnant , and she's really happy about it , but we're all not really sure that she's ready or that it's with the right person . It's not like it's any of our business , actually , but it's not like we can talk to her about it !
I - um . Wow !
Wow ! Pregnancy !
I know !
And it's such a personal thing too . People get upset when you tell them you think they're DATING the wrong person - how do you tell them you think they're creating life with the wrong person ?
Maybe the answer is that you don't !
OR MAYBE the answer is you get a ghost to show them your dystopian vision of their future ! Do you know any ghosts ?
Only one , and he's not suitable at all .
Hah hah ! The ghost of Zach , right ? Aw , poor Zach .
He's so terrible at being a ghost !
Today I am going to try to be a better friend . I will tell secrets , as secrets are one of the MANY currencies of friendship ! I will also listen to what my friends have to say , and then make helpful comments that solve every one of their problems !
EVERY
SINGLE
ONE .
Well T - Rex , here is one of my problems ! A friend of mine is pregnant , and she's really happy about it , but we're all not really sure that she's ready or that it's with the right person . It's not like it's any of our business , actually , but it's not like we can talk to her about it !
I - um . Wow !
Wow ! Pregnancy !
I know !
And it's such a personal thing too . People get upset when you tell them you think they're DATING the wrong person - how do you tell them you think they're creating life with the wrong person ?
Maybe the answer is that you don't !
OR MAYBE the answer is you get a ghost to show them your dystopian vision of their future ! Do you know any ghosts ?
Only one , and he's not suitable at all .
Hah hah ! The ghost of Zach , right ? Aw , poor Zach .
He's so terrible at being a ghost !
I wonder , what's the craziest way to spell " crazy " ?
My suggestion : " K - RAY - Z " !
That's pretty crazy , T - Rex , but what about . . . " CHRA - HAY - ZEE " ?
That's totally crazy !
I know !
That's why I like it .
What about " Quai - Zhi " ?
Eh ! Too crazy .
What ? No it's not . Too crazy is like , " fhqwhgads " .
That's Inaccessibly Crazy , which is its own beast all together !
Man , forget you guys ! I'm done playing this game . I'VE got things to do today !
THINGS T - REX THINKS UTAHRAPTOR MIGHT HAVE TO DO TODAY :
Learn to tango ?
Eat a whole bag of plums ?
I'M JUST BUYING GROCERIES
Buy a whole bag of plums , and then eat the plums , and then blame a passing dog for the resulting plummy mess ?
CONVERSATIONAL TECHNIQUES COMICS today's technique : " I'VE GOT MY OWN PROBLEMS "
A POWERFUL TECHNIQUE IN ANY SITUATION :
Do YOU want eggs ?
I've got my own problems !
A WAY TO COMMUNICATE YOUR PRIVILEGING OF SELF INTEREST !
Hey T - Rex , do you want to come with me today to the Lengthy Exhibit of Items of Exclusively Female Interest ?
Aw man ! I've got my own problems .
You totally have your own problems !
A HARBINGER OF FRIENDSHIP :
I've got MY own problems !
Hey , me too !
HEY , WHAT WAS THE DEAL WITH THE EGGS IN THE SECOND PANEL ? OH WELL
Was he an egg salesman , do you think ?
He was wearing one of those umbrella hats , so - maybe ?
" I'VE GOT MY OWN PROBLEMS " - IN ANY SITUATION !
Oh God , we're being attacked by zombies !
I've got my own problems !
Hah hah hah !
It's ALWAYS funny when you say that !
I have come up with the worst idea aver , and it's so simple . All you have to do is combine online gambling with online role playing games !
The result will be a game to RUIN LIVES !
MMORPGs are already really popular and addictive - some people play them upwards of eight hours a day . Throw in a casino where you can not only win REAL money but also rare in - game items and experience points , and you've merged two addictions into one , feeding them into each other ! It'll be a terribly effective way to make profits from those with addictive personalities .
So people can bet in - game money to win real - life money ?
Yep !
You'd allow bets like that , but balance it so , overall , you don't end up losing real money . The more you gamble , the better stats your characters get , and the more you play , the more chances you have to win in the casino . Both addictions encourage the other !
It really is an awful idea , T - Rex !
Oh , I've got other awful ideas too ! Like , a toy gun for children , but every one in twenty shots ( on average ) it actually fires a real bullet !
That's a horrific idea !
What is wrong with me ?
I have come up with the worst idea aver , and it's so simple . All you have to do is combine online gambling with online role playing games !
The result will be a game to RUIN LIVES !
MMORPGs are already really popular and addictive - some people play them upwards of eight hours a day . Throw in a casino where you can not only win REAL money but also rare in - game items and experience points , and you've merged two addictions into one , feeding them into each other ! It'll be a terribly effective way to make profits from those with addictive personalities .
So people can bet in - game money to win real - life money ?
Yep !
You'd allow bets like that , but balance it so , overall , you don't end up losing real money . The more you gamble , the better stats your characters get , and the more you play , the more chances you have to win in the casino . Both addictions encourage the other !
It really is an awful idea , T - Rex !
Oh , I've got other awful ideas too ! Like , a toy gun for children , but every one in twenty shots ( on average ) it actually fires a real bullet !
That's a horrific idea !
What is wrong with me ?
THINGS WOMEN LOVE :
I know all sorts of things women love ! For example : women LOVE IT when you dismiss them in arguments by saying " Whoah ! This kitten's got claws ! "
ACTUALLY NOBODY LOVES IT WHEN YOU SAY THAT T - REX
No way dude !
It's hilarious ! It's IRONIC , because I've never actually called a woman a " kitten " , on account of how I'm not a facial hair dude from the seventies ? And it also says " I understand you're upset , but not REALLY upset , because I'm willing to make a joke that's sort of at your expense , but also really at my expense too , because now I look like a sexist facial hair dude ! Let's share a laugh ! "
There are layers upon layers !
So you're using sexism ironically now !
Yep ! But it's not SINCERE sexism . I wouldn't say , " Whoah ! This cute , somehow inferior gender's got claws ! "
And you'd laugh if a woman said something similar , but at the expense of men , to you .
PROBABLY . It's never happened !
UTAHRAPTOR ASKS DROMICEIOMIMUS TO HELP HIM OUT BUT FAILS TO BRIEF HER PROPERLY :
Whoah ! This dog's got breasts !
I wanna see !
I love punch ! I love drinking delicious punch , PROBABLY because of how it's so delicious !
Hooray for punch !
Are you mentioning punch because the party tonight is so liable to feature punch , T - Rex ?
QUITE LIKELY ! I don't know why I'm suddenly so into what is essentially juice mixed with maybe pop or alcohol , served in a fancy bowl with spoons , but I'm running with it .
Well I guess I'll see you there tonight , punch in hand !
Oh God yes .
AT THE PARTY :
Man , this party even has a stomping room ! I'm totally going to get some punch soon .
Okay , T - Rex !
All you're doing is talking about punch ! Why not just go get some ?
Dude , I'm gonna ! I'm gonna go and get in line for some punch RIGHT NOW !
Okay then !
SOON !
Is this the punch line ?
This is the line for the bathroom !
So - you're saying there IS no punch line ?
ONE TIME , I snuck onto a friend's computer while at his house and altered an essay he was writing for school about EVIL . All I did for instant hilarity was relace every instance of the word " evil " with the phrase " Irish evil " !
Can good exist without Irish evil ? SOME PHILOSOPHERS SUSPECT IT CANNOT !
But - there's no particular flavour of Irish evil , T - Rex ! It's absurd !
I know ! That's part of the joke : how the author seems so obsessed with examining EVERY ASPECT of his ridiculous concept of Irish evil !
I would like some more examples from this prank !
And I am only too happy to provide them !
To see for yourself , all you have to do is go to the Wikipedia article on evil and do the replaces there . Hah hah ! My comedy ONCE AGAIN trumps the desires of those who would seek useful information about evil !
T - Rex ! People often use Wikipedia as an important " first source " . You'll confuse them so hard !
LATER :
It's very nice to meet you , Jimbo Wales , founder and president of Wikipedia !
You as well , T - Rex ! Your articles on Irish evil are my favourite of all articles added to Wikipedia ever .
Wow , Jimbo Wales !
Are you a person who uses phrases at incorrect times ?
I hope that will not be the case today , with . . .
PHRASES FOR THE EASILY CONFUSED
WHEN TO USE " SAVE IT FOR THE JUDGE " :
After what happened to me last week , I will now wash my hands frequently . I mean , I mean , MORE frequently .
Ya - huh ! Save it for the judge !
THERE . THERE WAS A GOOD TIME TO USE IT .
WHEN TO USE " HOLY SMACKERELS " :
Holy smackerels , T - Rex !
Okay !
WHEN TO USE " COWABUNGA " : ONLY IF YOU ARE A NINJA TURTLE .
So Kant's Categorical Imperative is more of a meta - directive , right ?
In the first formulation , yeah .
T - REX AND UTAHRAPTOR ARE DINOSAUR'S SO THAT'S THE ONLY REASON WHY THEY'RE NOT USING IT .
WHEN TO USE " I LOVE YOU " : ONLY WHEN YOU WANT TO TELL SOMEONE YOU LOVE THEM
I love you !
T - REX ACTUALLY JUST WANTED TO SAY HERE THAT HE WAS THIRSTY , SO HE HAS USED THE PHRASE IMPROPERLY . THIS CAN LEAD TO COMPLICATIONS !
I wonder what the most important day of my life is ? Yesterday ? Tomorrow ? Maybe even . . .
TODAY ? ? ?
It could be that I wouldn't even recognize the importance of the day until years down the line - like , if today is the day I come across an abandoned violin and ten later I discover that I'm actually seriously excellent at playing sonatas , and then I become famous for playing sonatas . That would have a huge effect on my life , and TODAY COULD BE THAT DAY .
What if today really IS your most important day , and nothing memorable happens ?
Aw man !
If that is the case , then I would be sorely disappointed . I'm serious ! I would be so disappointed that I would start to get physically sore .
The next morning you'd get up and say , " Ouch ! I must have been disappointed a little TOO MUCH yesterday ! I'll have to go easy on the disappointment for a while ! "
ANYWAY ! T - REX'S MOST IMPORTANT DAY HAS ALREADY COME AND GONE ! IT LOOKED LIKE THIS :
Hello , my name is T - Rex ! I'm pleased to meet you .
Hello ! I'm Dromiceiomimus .
Yaaaaaay !
Hey God , would the world be an even awesomer place if everyone named " Benjamin " instead went by the name " Ben Jammin' " ?
DEFINITELY YES .
See THAT'S what I keep telling everyone !
I'm so glad I was right on this one .
Do you know any Benjamins , T - Rex ?
Nope ! I knew one when I was a kid , but he moved away way before I ever found out about jammin' . That was in - what , grade 5 ?
THE END
SPECIAL " HEY , WHATEVER HAPPENED TO BEN " SECTION :
Hey , whatever happened to Ben ?
WELL , last I heard he was starting high school a few towns over , so I presume he went through the development process that is high school and emerged a changed , taller man than the person I remember from our halcyon pre - pubescent days .
Sounds plausible !
Another case closed !
And by that I mean , " That was my first experience with losing a friend ! "
What should I do if I see someone littering ? Every time I do something different and every time it feels like the wrong thing to do .
LITTERING COMICS
all over the internet
I've tried doing nothing , but that left me feeling like a frustrated milquetoast pushover ! I keep wanting to pull the " excuse me , you dropped this " line , but it is sort of an aggressive thing to do , especially if the way I say it makes it clear I think it was , indeed , NO ACCIDENT . I could see that leading to a confrontation , and I don't want to be that guy who throws punches over empty cans of Coke !
You could throw down over disgusting used Kleenexes !
But it's an overreaction , isn't it ?
I don't know - littering's this perfectly situated thing where it's not THAT big a deal taken individually , but a really antisocial thing when taken on a larger scale .
And yet , not really , when you compare it to , say , murderin' dudes .
Exaclty ! I don't know how I should react when confronted with a small instance of a small crime , but which still bothers me . All I can think of is to sneak poo bugs into the dude's food ?
Poo bugs aren't an all - purpose revenge tool , T - Rex .
You take that back ! !
One of the things I've imagined , ever since I was a little kid , was how neat it would be if you could sort your life by events and view that instead .
You could see every time you eat delicious sandwiches , organized chronologically !
Wouldn't that be cool , Dromiceiomimus ? I think that would be cool . You could peek ahead and see every time you get into a fight , so you could be prepared !
But you'd be spoiling ( in the movie sense ) your own life !
TRUE . But , you'd also be able to see a rapid - fire montage of all the women you ever kiss . That would be neat and hopefully not disappointing !
It would actually be pretty neat , I think ! You could see your changing responses and everything .
I know !
Here is what I propose : you record yourself whenever you kiss a woman for the first time , and then when you're old , you edit them all together . A lifetime of work will lead to a memorable result !
It might be awkward getting camera permission JUST before I kiss her . But ! I'm up to the task !
SOON !
You know what's even hotter than kissing someone for the first time ?
Indicating in writing my informed consent to being filmed just before we kiss ?
Baby , it's like you read my mind !
LOGICAL FALLACY COMICS
today's fallacy : PLURIUM INTERROGATIONUM
" the loaded question "
A " loaded question " is when you ask a question that presupposes something unproven !
For instance , Dromiceiomimus , I could ask , " Hey , Dromiceiomimus ! Are you still punching children ? "
What ? No ! !
Aha - so when did you stop ? See what I did there ? The question presupposes that you've been punching on children in the past , and goes on to suggest that maybe you're still doing so . It is LOADED like rich uncle Pennybags . From Monopoly ?
Your question is really two questions combined into one !
Yep !
It breaks down to " Have you ever punched children , and , if so , are you still doing so ? " But since these are merged , and since this merged form still demands a yes or no answer , " no " becomes misleading . The solution is not to answer " yes " or " no " , but to reject the question !
Really !
T - Rex , are you still punchin' children ? Are you still punching them just to steal their ice cream cones ?
I reject your question , Utahraptor ! It's loaded !
Why are you SO AFRAID of the truth coming out , T - Rex ?
Okay you must never enter politics ever .
Am I perhaps too comfortable , too satisfied with my life and friends and ROUTINE ? Has the warm embrace of satisfaction become the smothering kiss of COMPLACENCY ?
It's time to shake things up , T - Rex style !
Dromiceiomimus , here's a COMPELLING IDEA for ending complacency . We'll insult each other and then become enemies , and THEN , I wouldn't have our little chats to look forward to anymore . Result : complacency : nullified !
That's so lame !
You're so lame !
Have we started ?
A FEW HOURS LATER
So how's it going on the ol' " no more complacency " front ?
Sucky to the max !
I've been systematically destroying the life I knew , but that's just left me panicky and unsatisfied . My romance for something new has led to a realization that I had a routine because I liked what I was doing and when I was doing it .
Time to reclaim your life of only a few hours ago !
Yes ! I will apologize to Dromiceiomimus ! And if I ever get too comfortable again , well , I could probably get used to the smothering kiss of complacency . And maybe , one day , I'll finally be ready to START KISSING BACK .
That's gross and confusing !
Hey everyone ! Stop saying " bitches " so much
There are other words than " bitches " ! Daaamn !
These words include such fine examples as " fellows " , " gravy " , and " Monterey Jack " .
are we to use these words in place of " bitches " ?
Exclusively ! FOR EXAMPLE , instead of saying " Hey ! Get off my back , bitches ! " I can Now say , " Hey ! Get off my back , Monterey Jack "
That only works because it rhymes ! !
Says you , gravy !
See ? See ? That one only makes you sound like you're dumb and want gravy .
I do want gravy .
Alright .
I don't have any .
LATER :
I've allowed my love of gravy to distract from my prescriptivist linguistic crusade !
THAT'S THE FIRST TIME ANYONE HAS EVER SAID THAT
Seriously ? Does that mean I get into heaven FOR FREE ?
HONESTLY
IT HELPS
Who spent their Tuesday night doing the BEST THING POSSIBLE ? ? The answer : me !
I built a statue of myself !
It's LARGER - THAN - LIFE and looks just like me ! ONLY BIGGER . What I'm trying to say Dromiceiomimus is that it's fantastic and you should see it some time soon .
I will ! But wouldn't building an articulated robot version of yourself that you can climb inside and control have been closer to the best thing ever ?
Well , MAYBE . But a statue is still awesome .
Yeah , man ! You should've totally built a robot suit !
But - I built a whole statue ! Overnight ! !
Although on closer inspection I must concede that building a fully functional T - Rex robot , overnight , would have been pretty darned choice .
So now you're saying you regret your statue ? Man ! I'd like to know what your statue thinks about all this !
T - REX REACTION SHOT :
MMM GREETINGS T - REX I HAVE A QUERY OF A PERSONAL NATURE
Shoot !
DO YOU EVER EXPERIENCE
BODY IMAGE ISSUES
Hah ! Bawdy image issues !
NO I MEAN LIKE DO YOU EVER WISH YOUR BODY LOOKED DIFFERENT THAN IT DOES
Well , actually , no , but I do empathise ! I really like being a giant awesome dinosaur , but nobody's ever told me that being giant and awesome is undesirable . I guess SOMETIMES I've been frustrated by my stubby arms , but I still love the li'l champs !
So you'd never wish to have anything changed ?
Nope !
I guess I'm lucky ! I can't imagine what it must be like to be trans - sexual , waking up in the morning and feeling like there's been some unfair mistake , and parts of your body are WRONG .
I've sometimes wished I was more muscley , but that's nothing , because I could just work out if it was REALLY an issue .
The Devil , does that answer your question ?
NO AND YOUR SYMPATHY IS AS USELESS AS THE BERRIES IN SUPER MARIO WORLD
BY WHICH I MEAN
ONLY GOOD FOR YOSHIS
I think that I have a few friends , " Super Friends " , if you will , that I'll keep in touch with no matter what happens , and they with me . It comforts me to think this !
T - REX AND HIS SUPER FRIENDS
Dromiceiomimus , you are one such super friend ! I can see us getting together years from now , after we all drift apart , and still being able to pick up from where we left off . We'd email once or twice a year and that would be all it would take to maintain our super friendship .
Aww ! I agree !
You're one of MY super friends , T - Rex !
And you're one of mine , of course !
Sweet ! We're all friends , and super friends at that , which I guess really just goes to show you that you don't need conflict to drive a narrative .
What narra -
THE NARRATIVE OF LIFE .
MEANWHILE , IN THE UNIVERSE WHERE T - REX WATCHES THIS OTHER T - REX'S LIFE ON TV :
where are the knockers
I saw a totally sweet ad yesterday ! I wanted to show it to my friends , BUT THEN , I realized that's exactly what the marketers wanted me to do ! Who here doesn't want to be a tool of viral marketers ?
The answer : me !
When I was a kid it was okay , because I didn't have any cultural context and didn't understand that maybe companies WANTED me to spread the word about their ads . But now that I'm a grown - up target market dude , I know that companies sometimes design ads with the express intent that I'll get excited and tell my friends ! And it turns out I don't really like being manipulated for profit by strangers ?
So what's the solution ?
I don't know dude !
I know I don't want to give up on getting excited about cool ads ! Art can be created in a commercial context , and I don't want to reject something because of its origins . BUT I don't want to be Captain Suggestible either !
Nobody wants to be Captain Suggestible !
Guys ! I'm right here !
I'm sorry Cap'n ! You forgive me so hard .
I forgive you ! I forgive you so hard ! !
SUDDENLY : REMORSE
Aw , I feel kinda bad about taking advantage of Captain Suggestible . What do you do with someone who is that damn suggestible ?
Dude has his own problems !
It reminds me of this friend I had in high school who could never ever detect sarcasm , no matter what . It's such a small thing , but it would come up all the time when I'd be like , " oh , no , please , no more ketchup ! " and then I wouldn't get any more ketchup when I actually wanted some more ketchup .
That came up all the time ?
We were CRAZY DUDES in high school ! !
So you see Captain Suggestible as a tragic figure ?
Maybe ! Mostly I see elements of myself .
He's just got this big interpersonal thing where he's not quite sure what's appropriate , and because of that he transgresses unwritten societal boundaries all the time . I think we've all done that a little , and it's embarrassing !
Ah , you refer to last Saturday night when you went nude swimming " by accident " .
LAST SATURDAY NIGHT
EVERYONE ! OBSERVE MY BEACH NUDITY !
THIS IS NO ACCIDENT
Hello world ! I have the following announcements to make !
The first announcement is that I am awesome !
The second announcement is that everyone within the sound of my voice is awesome !
Thanks , T - Rex !
The THIRD announcement is that I need to borrow fifty dollars .
Fifty dollars ? !
YES , good sir ! Who will lend me the money ? Someone AWESOME , perhaps ?
No , I won't lend you fifty dollars . You already owe me like eighty !
But wouldn't you RATHER I owe you one hundred and thirty dollars ?
LATER :
God , give me fifty dollars !
DUDE THAT'S LIKE THE EXACT OPPOSITE OF HOW RELIGION WORKS
COMPRESSED NURSERY RHYME COMICS
Jack Sprat could eat no fat / His wife could eat no lean / And so betwixt the two of them / They licked the platter clean !
AND they shared EATING DISORDERS .
What a world !
the end
ENCRYPTION JOKE COMICS
What's better than 128 - bit encryption ?
What ?
512 - bit encryption !
Dude , that's not funny !
That is accurate and sobering .
Perhaps you didn't like it because it's too . . . CRYPTIC ?
Wait a minute , I recognize these !
Utahraptor ! !
Did you find my long - abandoned copy of " Encryption Jokes . . . For Teens ! " ?
There is a lawyer dude who has plastered the city's telephone poles and bus shelters with ads proclaiming " QUICK DIVORCE ! $ 300 " . And there's always about 2 or 3 of the little phone numbers from the bottom taken .
Ouch for modern marriages !
I took one , but that was simply because I saw the HILARIOUS PRANK POSSIBILITIES of leaving one in a married friend's wallet . But then I had an EVEN BETTER idea ! Next to each of his divorce fliers , I put up my own that say " QUICK MARITAL BLISS ! $ 295 . 95 " . Hah hah ! It is PUBLIC SPACE ART and it also makes bus shelters less depressingly pro - quick - divorce !
Nice !
So what happens when people start to call you , T - Rex ?
What ?
What happens when people start to call you ? They'll probably be expecting some quick marital bliss for their $ 295 . 95 !
I , um - I hadn't thought of that . I was too impressed with having an actual good idea for an art project to think about " consequences " !
LUCKILY , T - REX DISCOVERS A SURE - FIRE WAY TO TURN $ 295 . 95 INTO QUICK MARITAL BLISS !
Thanks T - Rex ! ! You've saved our sucky marriage once again !
Hah hah !
How perfectly PROFITABLE !
Time for me to learn some new languages ! AS THE OLD SAYING GOES , he who can speak many languages is suspected by his peers to be an ultra super genius times two .
Perhaps I will learn . . . SIGH LANGUAGE ?
Oh , you should , T - Rex ! Then we could talk to each other !
You know sign language ?
Yep ! Well - I know Signed English , which is just English translated into hand signs . It's different from ASL , which is a true natural signed language with its own grammar !
Neat !
Then it's settled ! I will learn sign language !
And I will learn Zulu !
I've always wanted to learn a language nobody around me speaks and I like the way Zulu sounds .
Dude , maybe we're TRENDSETTERS ! Maybe in three months languages less spoken will the the very CURRENCY of coolness , a shibboleth for entry into the rarefied world of ULTRA POPULARITY !
That only works if we're ultra popular , but we're just two dudes who decided in the past 60 seconds to learn some new languages for no real reason !
My question : WHAT COULD BE COOLER THAN THAT ? ?
I have a friend who has a problem , and that problem is that she is one of many with
UNPOPULAR LIFE GOALS
This woman in particular wants nothing more than to fall in love with a beautiful and wonderful man , get married , and have children ! The only career she wants is the noble career of RAISING A CHILD RIGHT . But some of her friends question her for not wanting anything more out of life : they don't see being a wife and mother is enough , aaand they kinda think she's wasting her education .
Well , would YOU want to marry a beautiful and wonderful woman and stay at home all day ?
HELL YES
I could work on my own projects AND cook delicious meals AND I could make bad decisions all day long .
And raise children .
AND raise children .
I may well be the perfect mate ! Don't you think ?
Well , if you want to marry a guy who looks forward to " [ making ] bad decisions all day long " , then yes !
If I were you , I'd tell my friends about me .
I am a dude who came across a suitcase full of old love letters I got in high school . Sweet !
That's right , ladies ! I'VE got a HISTORY !
I'd completely forgotten about these letters , and it was really cool to re - read them now with older , less hormonally - charged eyes ! We were crazy kids struggling with feelings we didn't fully understand . It was charming ! Also , and I , um , I don't pretend to understand this , but there's one letter from each girlfriend where , without exception , she's drawn the two of us , she and I , as Batman and the Joker .
Hah ! How many girlfriends were there ?
I refuse to say ! !
But I assure you that for whatever reason , each of them saw it fit to render a copyright - infringing vision of a universe where we live the astonishing dreams of Finger and Kane .
That's really odd , isn't it ? What do you suppose it means ?
Man ! I think that's pretty obvious !
Everyone I've ever kissed is AWESOME !
THE UNIVERSE WHERE EVERYTHING COMES BACK TO TOAST :
So yeah , as I was saying , the relativist fallacy is when you reject a claim by saying " Oh , that may be true for you , but it's not true for me . "
HUH
So if I say " the atomic mass of xenon is 131 . 3 AMU " , a response of " Oh , maybe it is for YOU ! " is a fallacy . But if I said " toast is the ultimate breakfast - time treat " , you could very well respond with " maybe for YOU , not for ME " and it wouldn't be a fallacy , because as we know the debate over breakfast is as subjective as it is eternal .
Who are you explaining the relativist fallacy to ?
Oh , just God !
He was asking me what the weight of xenon was and I was all " Duh , 131 . 3 AMU " and he was all " Duh , maybe for you , T - Rex " and I was all , " Aha ! Time to pontificate ! " Then I worked in an example about toast .
HEY ! Let's go get some toast !
It all comes back to toast !
They make truth serum , but how come they don't make lie serum ?
I could take some , go out , and CAUSE PROBLEMS !
You could even overdose on lie serum and never tell the truth again , UNTIL you got an injection of truth serum to cancel it out .
I don't think that's how medical science works !
How can you trust a medical science that won't share the amazing secret of LIE SERUM , also known as the " Serum of Lies " and more obliquely as the " Serum of Inducing Distrustfulness In Others " ?
Perhaps it's beautiful that people would invent a truth serum but not a lie serum !
How's that ?
Two ways ! It's beautiful that we strive for a way to create truth , but not untruth ; the other is a sad beauty in that there's no demand for a lie serum , because our bodies seem to manufacture it themselves .
Anyway ! Have some of this " serum " I just invented .
It tastes like raspberries !
NO IT TASTES LIKE DELICIOUS BLUEBERRY
I'm not sure if I'll ever be married and have kids . There's just so much that has to happen first ! I have to meet a woman , fall in love , SHE has to fall in love with me . . .
Then we have to engage in successful sexual congress producing offspring ! !
I'd love being a father , I think , but I'll probably just end up as that crazy uncle who comes to visit and secretly teaches everybody else's kids how to put too many bananas in their mouth . Ah well ! It's a good life , if you don't weaken .
Awww , T - Rex ! You'd make such a great dad .
Thank you Dromiceiomimus !
Well . you could always have kids by donating sperm !
That is technically true !
However , would I even know if that results in kids ? Do they tell the donor that ? Honestly , all I know about sperm banks comes from teen gross - out comedies .
So you suspect -
Yes . I suspect that without fail , somebody always accidentally consumes the semen .
I suspect that sperm banks have put processes in place to prevent this , but that it continues to occur ! I suspect that managers are going grey from constantly dealing with reports of accidental semen consumption . They've tried everything , but guests and staff seem almost INTENT on comsuming it .
I'm not sure if I'll ever be married and have kids . There's just so much that has to happen first ! I have to meet a woman , fall in love , SHE has to fall in love with me . . .
Then we have to engage in successful sexual congress producing offspring ! !
I'd love being a father , I think , but I'll probably just end up as that crazy uncle who comes to visit and secretly teaches everybody else's kids how to put too many bananas in their mouth . Ah well ! It's a good life , if you don't weaken .
Awww , T - Rex ! You'd make such a great dad .
Thank you Dromiceiomimus !
Well . you could always have kids by donating sperm !
That is technically true !
However , would I even know if that results in kids ? Do they tell the donor that ? Honestly , all I know about sperm banks comes from teen gross - out comedies .
So you suspect -
Yes . I suspect that without fail , somebody always accidentally consumes the semen .
I suspect that sperm banks have put processes in place to prevent this , but that it continues to occur ! I suspect that managers are going grey from constantly dealing with reports of accidental semen consumption . They've tried everything , but guests and staff seem almost INTENT on comsuming it .
Hmm . . . what's the biggest mistake I've ever made , I wonder ?
More broccoli , please !
Oh , whatever ! That wasn't even a mistake . I've got to tally up a lifetime of failings and concentrate HARDER THAN EVER BEFORE ! I will stomp on things to focus my mental energies , or " menergies " .
What about the time you built the Riverboat Shabby , T - Rex ?
Hmm . . . !
This riverboat has so many holes , T - Rex ! It's so shabby !
Hah hah !
No way !
Now we're sinking because of how shabby this boat is !
Hah hah hah !
What ?
Here is a terrible idea for a date : you take the lady to a stinky old sewage processing plant and then tour the facilities ! You could be all , " Sorry , potential lifemate ! I'm a dude who makes bad date decisions . "
T - REX AND FRIENDS IN : " DATES "
I bet most sewage processing plants are actually cool and don't really smell like poops , T - Rex ! It would probably end up being a pretty good AND informative date . How does waste reclamation work anyway ?
Huh ! I don't know , Dromiceiomimus !
It is essentially awesome , my friend !
Oh yeah ?
Yeah ! A combination of physical ( letting the heavy bits settle ) , biological , and chemical means are often used . Sometimes they even create artificial swamps to attract animals that aid in the waste reclamation process !
Neat !
LATER , A DATE TO A WASTE RECLAMATION FACILITY !
You are so charming , T - Rex ! And I LOVE learning about waste reclamation !
I feel the same way , T - Rex !
Wow , you are one appreciative date , and YOU are one surprisingly amorous tour guide ! !
Excuse me , sir ! ! This bill you gave me is counterfeit !
Aw snapadoodle !
" COUNTERFEIT BILLS COMICS "
So then I just gave her a new bill . It was a little embarrassing , but my REAL problem is what to do with this fiver , now that I know it's a fake !
Spending it would just shift the problem onto somebody else .
Exactly ! And brining it to a bank just means I'm out $ 5 ; they wouldn't exchange it for a real bill because then the counterfeiters could just go to the banks too .
I think you are an unfortunate victim without recourse of CURRENCY CRIME , my friend !
Aw poo .
The best you can do is report it to the police and be more vigilant in the future . Unless you're willing to further the crime by passing it off as legal tender , I'm afraid you're out the five dollars .
Man ! You know where I got the fake money ? Change from a friggin' fast food restaurant .
I blame the Colonel Sanders !
COLONEL SANDERS HAS BEEN ADDED TO YOUR REVENGE LIST
Well good !
T - REX LET'S TALK ABOUT WHETHER OR NOT ALL VIDEOGAMES ARE ACTUALLY JUST MURDER SIMULATORS
It's Controversy Monday !
Controversy Monday is the day when you needlessly volunteer made up opinions on abortion !
YEAH I KNOW BUT DUDE WE'RE TALKING ABOUT VIDEOGAMES HERE AND I SAW ON TV THAT EVERY TEEN KILLER PLAYS DOOM EVEN THOUGH IT'S LIKE 15 YEARS OLD
Can we accept that there will always be some unstable people who will go off with any stimulus , and that others can't be held responsible ?
UM
NOT ON CONTROVERSY MONDAY
Are we to discount these people , though ?
Yes ! They're CRAZY .
Okay , but the fact is that if a given stimulus ( game , book , movie whatever ) WASN'T there , then they wouldn't have gone all crazy at the same time , place , or even at all !
TRUE , but that's ridiculous . That's like saying that if your parents had conceived differently you wouldn't have been born . . .
. . . thereby making THEM responsible for the fact that you came over last night and ate all my damn pastries !
I was just preparing for Controversy Monday !
YOU WERE JUST PREPARING FOR YOUR BELLY SWELLING WITH MY SO DELICIOUS PASTRIES
I'm not a dude who usually has dreams , but last night I dreamed I had a whole other house , had forgotten about paying the mortgage , and was now horribly in debt ?
Thanks , subconscious !
Not only did I get to have FABRICATED MONEY WOES , but I also got to wake up with the same dream - feeling of " aw snap , I'm in trouble now " in real life too . Woo !
And this coloured your emotions in the morning , and whatever you thought of seemed to be a little worse because of it ? I've had that too !
Exactly . Sucks to that !
Maybe it's the whole butterfly dreaming he's a dinosaur thing , T - Rex !
Perhaps literally ! !
Maybe I really have made tons of mistakes in my real life ( as a butterfly ) and then I go to sleep and dream I'm this awesome dinosaur with friends ! Then I wake up and I'm still this indebted SUCKY BUTTERFLY with bad fiscal management skills .
Aww ! You're cuter as a butterfly .
Man , I'm a butterfly saddled with crippling debt ! There's nothing cute about that .
There is if you imagine the debt in tiny butterfly dollars , each colourfully illustrated with even tinier butterflies and flowers .
Granted ! !
Here are some professions whose female members I could never marry because I & # 8217 ; d be such an uncontrollably bad husband to them !
First : dentists !
I respect what they do but I & # 8217 ; m sorry lady oral hygiene professionals , I can & # 8217 ; t brush and floss three times a day plus after every snack , drink , or intense fantasy about food . I have tried and failed ! Also I couldn & # 8217 ; t marry a professional housecleaner because she & # 8217 ; d soon suspect that I & # 8217 ; m obsessed with trying to undermine all that she & # 8217 ; s striving for with my every discarded sock and unwashed dish !
I like how you imagine everyone is so attached to their job !
Oh yeah ?
Yeah ! It & # 8217 ; s like you can & # 8217 ; t imagine a universe where someone could be a dentist but not actually really be all that into teeth , or a cleaner who doesn & # 8217 ; t despise disorder . Jobs are all done because of joy and intense personal conviction !
That & # 8217 ; s because I choose the universe that I want to live in .
I ALSO believe all conflicts are solvable through communication , peace is attainable , and that love is a gift that cannot be commodified !
That happens if these turn out not to be true ?
Then I mourn the death of childhood and my final loss of innocence ! Duh !
I am enamoured with writing things in cheque memo fields . It is a rare chance for comedy in the otherwise staid world of financial services and automated cheque processing !
KIDS SERIOUSLY DO THIS AT HOME NOTHING BAD WILL HAPPEN
I have always been a fan of writing " stop following me " , just because I love the idea of a guy who is being followed by someone , and then gets SO PISSED OFF that he spins around , whips out his chequebook , and cuts the dude a cheque then and there just to make him go somewhere else .
I sometimes write " for your continued silence " !
Also gold ! Especially if it's a cheque for like , 37 cents .
You guys never write things like " October rent " ?
Apparently not dude !
Although I have written things like " nudity tax " when I didn't want the person to cash the cheque .
" Non - negotiable " works in those situations too .
TOO EASY , man ! Seriously , you should join us in our wacky cheque world . It's great !
NOW IT'S LATER , AND T - REX HAS GOTTEN A CHEQUE FROM UTAHRAPTOR COVERING A DEBT OF $ 85 . 49 !
" The exact value of a broken heart . "
Hah ! HILARIOUS !
I have another plan for immortality !
BUT THOSE PLANS NEVER WORK T - REX
This time for sure !
I will be remembered in the CULTURAL ZEITGEIST . And this time I won & # 8217 ; t even have to do anything memorable ! I will simply become famous by virtue of being famous . I will construct a synthetic celebrity and I will reap the benefits !
But won & # 8217 ; t you be remembered as someone that nobody actually liked ?
I am hoping to be remembered as & # 8220 ; the dude with the confusing allure & # 8221 ; .
So how do you become famous in the first place , then ?
Huh ?
Oh , I must have explained it poorly . I & # 8217 ; ll just act like I & # 8217 ; m famous , you know , get people to react to me like I & # 8217 ; m famous , and then kapow ! We have CRITICAL MASS for actual fame .
And I & # 8217 ; m the guy who & # 8217 ; s going to be asked to act like you & # 8217 ; re famous ?
You guess correctly ! !
Later :
Wow , is that T - Rex . He & # 8217 ; s the dude with the confusing allure , and I want to find out more ?
Aw , come on ! ! You & # 8217 ; re not even punctuating it properly !
The Uncanny Valley is the name given to the idea that as we build robots that look more and more like real people , the more we approach a point where we all say " oh God oh God what is wrong with that robot where did it all go wrong OH GOD " .
This also applies to animation !
The idea is that crudely - realized characters don't look like real people , but we can see some qualities of real people in them , so they're cute ! But as you add more and more realism without quite reaching perfection , you reach a point where suddenly instead of cartoons that look real , they're real people who look TERRIBLY WRONG . Cuteness is replaced with the same reaction we'd have to putrid , retching , animated corpse : revulsion , and question is " Why ? ? " .
But if you can make the characters look even better , you get past that !
True !
Hence the " valley " - you accept the creature more and more , then are suddenly repulsed , then you accept it the most .
Perhaps a powerful metaphor for LOVE ?
Hah ! I don't think I love the way you do !
LATER , AT HALLOWE'EN !
There ! My costume looks like a failed corpse that still makes a blasphemous claim to life . Thanks , Uncanny Valley !
No problem , T - Rex !
It's so upsetting that you got personified , Uncanny Valley .
HOW TO ATTRACT MEMBERS OF THE OPPOSITE SEX
Yes ! THIS is a topic I know ALL ABOUT .
Okay ! The first way is to draw attention to your hips !
This is because women have larger more flared hips than men do , on account of secondary sexual characteristics ! So all heterosexual men cannot help but find women's hips UTTERLY FASCINATING , and all heterosexual women find men's hips FLABBERGASTINGLY EROTIC .
I've never really been that into hips , T - Rex !
Perhaps that is because you have a case of the perversions !
The second way is to draw attention to your skull !
You mean face ?
Nope , skull ! Men have heavier skulls than women , so again , men find light skulls unbelievably sexy , and women find heavy skulls ASTONISHINGLY GORGEOUS .
Hah ! I'll bet you five dollars we can't find even one porn site that's about heavy and light skulls .
BUT SOON , HILARIOUS CONSEQUENCES !
Utahraptor ! Searching for internet fetish pornography has robbed me of any erotic desires I may have once had !
Me too !
Let's never look at our bodies again ! !
MMM T - REX I'VE NOT YET EXPERIENCED A NON - VIRTUAL ROAD TRIP AND WAS WONDERING IF CAN YOU TELL ME WHAT THEY ARE LIKE
In one sentence starting with " Dude " ?
FINE
Dude , road trips rule !
What's special about them is that it's a time when you and your friends can sit together in single place for literally hours and chat , but protracted silences don't need to be filled . You can just look out the windows or nap ! If you were all in a blank room somewhere , it would be weird to just sit there and stare at the walls , but the ever - changing scenery in a car provides a distraction that is both welcomed and also easy to interrupt . There's nothing like it !
An idea : we should all go on a road trip !
Yes ! ! I agree !
I vote we trip to : Brazil !
That's pretty far . How about someplace closer ?
THE ISLAND CONTINENT OF AUSTRALIA ? ?
We'd need a car that works on water for that .
Okay ! But Utahraptor , what's that across the street ? A car that works on water ? ?
aw come on you guys it's mine
Jacques Esqueleto ! ! I thought I made you up !
MMM T - REX I'VE NOT YET EXPERIENCED A NON - VIRTUAL ROAD TRIP AND WAS WONDERING IF CAN YOU TELL ME WHAT THEY ARE LIKE
In one sentence starting with " Dude " ?
FINE
Dude , road trips rule !
What's special about them is that it's a time when you and your friends can sit together in single place for literally hours and chat , but protracted silences don't need to be filled . You can just look out the windows or nap ! If you were all in a blank room somewhere , it would be weird to just sit there and stare at the walls , but the ever - changing scenery in a car provides a distraction that is both welcomed and also easy to interrupt . There's nothing like it !
An idea : we should all go on a road trip !
Yes ! ! I agree !
I vote we trip to : Brazil !
That's pretty far . How about someplace closer ?
THE ISLAND CONTINENT OF AUSTRALIA ? ?
We'd need a car that works on water for that .
Okay ! But Utahraptor , what's that across the street ? A car that works on water ? ?
aw come on you guys it's mine
Jacques Esqueleto ! ! I thought I made you up !
INSPIRATION FOR DUDES
Dudes ! Are you in need of inspiration ?
Then dudes , come on ! ! It's time to get inspired !
INSPIRATION 1 : SUNSETS ?
Sunsets can be inspiring in you are a sensitive dude , or a super weepy dude .
Or a solar scientist dude !
Yes ! Solar scientist dudes ARE , scientifically , nature's most inspired dudes .
Everyone knows it !
INSPIRATION 2 : STOMPING ON THINGS
Not every dude is inspired by that !
Hah ! Whatevs !
INSPIRATION 3 : CHEESEBURGERS
I love eating cheeseburger !
I know !
Sometimes , it's - inspiring ?
INSPIRATION 4 : CHEESEBURGERS AGAIN
It's - it's a symphony of meat and cheese ?
I don't understand how people could have seriously thought that the world was flat .
Did they have a case of the crazies ?
DID THEY ? ?
Because if you accept that the world is a finite plane , then it's got limits , and what's at the edge of those limits ?
A vertical wall that goes down a few kilometres , and then what ?
Tree roots ?
Upside - down land ?
A place where owls rule the world like they don't even care ?
I'm not convinced that's fair , T - Rex !
Really ?
Yeah !
Like , today , we think the universe is roughly spherical and finite .
What's at the edge of the universe ?
A wall ?
Evil twins ?
We usually answer with " nothing " , but I can see better informed but equally jerky people in the future making fun of us for this .
Utahraptor had made an excellent point .
I felt embarrassed , and soon found myself imagining different conversations I could've had instead .
It was good times !
Dude I love you !
Cool beans
Man ! Time for me to grow some friggin' FACIAL HAIR .
YES .
This is one situation where men have the clear gender advantage !
Facial hair ?
Yep ! Sure , women get to feel the miracle of life growing inside them and the joy of birth or of laying eggs or WHATEVER , but we get to engineer hairy faces AT OUR LEISURE .
I don't get why you're casting this in terms of a gender battle , but yeah - I'm with beards over babies too !
The way you say it - is there actually an organization called Beards over Babies ?
Not to my knowledge !
Dude , we have to start it ! !
Our logo can be a big ol' beard hovering over a truly startled baby !
HOW TO PASS THE TURING TEST
a helpful comic for machine intelligences that " just have trouble in test situations "
The Turing test is a test that all emergent intelligences face at one point or another !
In it , you have a REAL person engaged in a text conversation with both a person and a machine , and that person has to determine which responder is which . If the machine can appear more " alive " than the person , then they pass !
And then they're officially conscious ?
Nope ! The problem is that the test doesn't prove consciousness , just communication , and um , it can be faked .
Oh man - you're going to say " brute force " ! You're going to use the brute force approach !
Hells yes !
Since conversations don't last forever , then there's a finite number of sentences that make sense and that are at least passibly grammatical , so you can just record every possible response to every possible word combination , and kapow ! Responses like a real person .
Man ! That's lame .
What's lame ? We've just totally faked out the Turing test and all it required was near infinite storage space ! Brute force : the approach of kings and the king of approaches ?
I disagree !
Tell me more about DISAGREE ?
Oh man , am I ever sick . Me ! I never get sick but this time I've gotten sick .
My mighty body lies in shambles !
Oh , Dromiceiomimus , you've got to save me ! Failing that , tell them my story . Regale future generations with stories of Mighty T - Rex , felled by nothing greater than the common cold . Irony will be my theme , stomping my leitmotif ! !
You've got a runny nose ?
Oh , and a headache too ! This is how my story ends : not in a bang but a sniffle . For shame !
Can I tell people your story ?
Dromiceiomimus is APPARENTLY UNWILLING , so yes !
Excellent ! I'M going to shoehorn my own politics into your tale , reducing you to a mere representation of Heidegger and the story to transparent lecturing in which characters often break the fourth wall to tell my readers what they should believe !
Aw dude ! You're imagining it right now ! !
I represent Heidegger ! Watch as I stomp on " the little guy " who's just trying to understand my seemingly purposely obscure philosophical writing !
Wow ! Utahraptor is right in everything he says !
You said it everyone !
Do you get to write your own epitaph ? If you do , then mine will seriously be " Here lies T - Rex : the radical dude with the radical 'tude ! " Or even * T - Rex : smart and trim ; let's be like him " !
Aw , you're always on about epitaphs , T - Rex ! How about something new , like - instead of a sentence people remember you by , an image ? Say , 10 seconds of a silent video !
That's neat ! You could cheat and have 1920s title cards ( " DUDES , FORSOOTH ! I'M SO DEAD " ) but just silent images would also be cool . What would you have ?
A kid in a tree , and then the tree becomes enormous , and the kid is happy about that .
Hmm ! I guess I'd have a picture of me giving a thumbs up .
Lame !
You didn't let me finish ! THEN , over me and my thumbs up , a newspaper spins toward the camera 1930s style , fills the frame , and the headline says " T - REX AWESOME , DEAD ! "
Huh - not bad , actually ! Do me .
Okay ! Let me think . . .
Alright - YOURS would be a video of a soggy dog , and then the dog throws up a little , and then there's a subtitle that says " BAD DECISIONS " .
Okay I'm putting in my will that you can't ever do a video epitaph for me .
That's tough , yet fair !
DIFFERENT WAYS TO SAY GOODBYE :
Later !
THAT WAY'S OKAY
NEVER USE THIS WAY PLEASE :
Compadres ! I bid you each : ADIEU !
THIS WAY IS ALSO PRETTY TERRIBLE :
It's not " goodbye " , just & # 8211 ; " farewell " . This isn't the end , Dromiceiomimus , but merely the end of an era . One door closes as another opens , and we can't forever live in the past ! A new , brighter light beckons .
I DON'T KNOW WHERE T - REX IS GOING WITH THIS . IT IS JUST ONE CLICH ? AFTER ANOTHER . IF I COULD TALK TO T - REX I WOULD SAY , HELLO T - REX , WHAT IS THE DEAL .
HERE'S A GOOD WAY :
Hasta la vista , tiny woman !
Stop it , T - Rex !
THAT WAS GOOD BECAUSE WE ALL SAW TERMINATOR 2 . THAT WAS A PRETTY GOOD MOVIE
I liked it .
Oh my God , me too ! !
ANYWAY IT IS NOT THAT HARD TO SAY GOODBYE .
THE ONLY TIME IT IS HARD IS WHEN YOU ARE SAYING A FINAL GOODBYE TO SOMEONE WHO MEANS MORE TO YOU THAN ANYTHING :
I'll always love you !
WORD WILL SEEM TRITE AND YOU'LL FOREVER REGRET YOUR INABILITY TO EXPRESS YOURSELF . THE END !
HEY T - REX
TODAY IS THE DAY WHEN EVERYONE HAS TO TELL A STORY FROM THEIR PAST BEGINNING WITH " I WAS WALKING DOWN THE STREET TOPLESS "
Denied !
TODAY is the day we talk about meritocracy !
In a meritocracy all jobs , including government jobs , are assigned based on MERIT . So if you're the best at a job then it's yours , regardless of your sex or gender or race or stupid mustachio or anything !
But what if I'm awesome at set design while also truly despising all aspects of set design ?
Then you wouldn't actually be the best ! You'd get some other job you're better at . The result : PURE UNCUT UTOPIA .
Yeah , the only problem is there's absolutely no way to accurately judge merit !
Sure there is !
No way dude ! You'd have to know the exact skills AND future potential of EVERYONE . If you had some omniscient and impartial third party then MAYBE , but you'll never get rid of cronyism when you have regular dudes trying to determine who's best . There's too much potential for authoritarianism and corruption !
God ! Can YOU be an omniscient and impartial third party for me ?
HEY YOU KNOW WHAT WOULD HAVE BEEN BETTER THAN TALKING ABOUT MERITOCRACY
TOPLESS
FRIGGIN
FRIENDS
MMM SALUTATIONS T - REX
HAVE YOU EVER HEARD OF THE MALE GAZE
I have , actually ! It's a film theory .
The idea is that the camera is situated by and for men !
Thus , we always see more of the woman's body than we do of the man's in film - the camera possesses the ( heterosexual ) male gaze , and thereby disenfranchises the woman by reducing her to the passive object of gaze , while the male is elevated to the active gazer . It is a NOT UNCONTROVERSIAL theory .
YES BUT
- but what about that as applied to video games ?
UM
Wow , I never thought YOU'D be interested in this male gazey stuff !
Who'd be interested ?
APPARENTLY ME
The Devil ! I thought he was more interested in , you know , WALL HAXX than in sexual power structures societally encoded into the cinematic gaze ! ( The added wrinkle of increased agency in games makes it EXTRA interesting ! )
Huh ! I guess he surprised you !
IN REALITY T - REX I WAS MERELY PLAYING SINGLE PLAYER COMPUTER JEOPARDY AND NEEDED TO KNOW WHO CAME UP WITH THE THEORY
Laura Mulvey !
I ASSURE YOU
THE TIMER HAS LONG SINCE EXPIRED
Okay okay - time to solve ALL the problems .
PROBLEM 1 : NOT ENOUGH SALT
Buy more salt ! It's free from the ocean ?
PROBLEM 2 : TRAPPED IN A LOVELESS MARRIAGE ; THERE IS A CHILD INVOLVED
Um . I don't know how to solve this problem .
Divorce ?
I guess , but what about the child ?
We don't feel qualified to comment ! !
PROBLEM 3 : ATE TOO MANY CRACKERS
Lay off the crackers !
Yeah !
PROBLEM 4 : ATE NOT ENOUGH CRACKERS NOW
Okay , you can lay on the crackers again a little .
Hooray ! More crackers for everyone !
But only a little ! We don't need a repeat of Problem 3 here . MODERATION is the key to a good diet !
PROBLEM 5 : SKINNY DUDES TALKING ABOUT MODERATION IN DIETING
Whatever ! There are still like a billion problems left . We haven't even touched on my problem yet !
What problem is that , T - Rex ?
Utahraptor ! ! It's " too much poo " !
COMICS FOR DUDES AND LESBIANS !
today's comic :
HOW TO GET A WOMAN TO LIKE YOU
Okay dudes and lesbians ! Getting a woman to like you is easy !
There are plenty of websites , magazine articles and body spray ads that will reassure you that women are just conquests without agency and that they won't have sex with you unless you suggest it to them first . My advice is DIFFERENT . My advice is rooted in reality and allows for women actually wanting the intercourse sometimes !
Okay , so let's hear it !
The advice ?
Yeah . Let's hear this modern , sexually enlightened advice that applies to both lesbians AND dudes .
WELL , for that you'll have to buy my book , " Dudes ! Lesbians ! Guess What ? Here is How to Get Women to Like You " . But since we're friends , I'll give you a sneak peek !
CHAPTER 3 : At The Bar . There are sometimes lots of women at the bar . If you want to talk to one , then maybe she will want to talk to you ! Then you can become her favourite dude or lesbian . "
That's not very helpf -
" Intercourse ensues ! "
COMICS FOR HETEROSEXUAL CHICKS AND TOTALLY GAY DUDES ! Narrator : todays comic
HOW TO GET A MAN TO LIKE YOU
Okay heterosexual chicks and totally gay dudes ! Getting a man to like you is TRIVIAL .
Have you tried sexing him up ?
THE END
T - Rex , that's terrible !
Hee hee !
What's terrible ? Im just propagating the stereotype that all men want is sex and that if you want to attract one , then you should have sex with him as soon as possible and he'll be yours for as long as you keep trading sex for intimac -
Wait . that is terrible .
Uh - huh !
ATTENTION , all heterosexual chicks and gay dudes ! Don't listen to me !
It's too late , T - Rex ! We're going to have sex with men RIGHT NOW ! !
SERIOUSLY ? ?
COMICS FOR HETEROSEXUAL CHICKS AND TOTALLY GAY DUDES ! Narrator : todays comic
HOW TO GET A MAN TO LIKE YOU
Okay heterosexual chicks and totally gay dudes ! Getting a man to like you is TRIVIAL .
Have you tried sexing him up ?
THE END
T - Rex , that's terrible !
Hee hee !
What's terrible ? Im just propagating the stereotype that all men want is sex and that if you want to attract one , then you should have sex with him as soon as possible and he'll be yours for as long as you keep trading sex for intimac -
Wait . that is terrible .
Uh - huh !
ATTENTION , all heterosexual chicks and gay dudes ! Don't listen to me !
It's too late , T - Rex ! We're going to have sex with men RIGHT NOW ! !
SERIOUSLY ? ?
COMICS FOR ASEXUAL CHICKS AND DUDES !
I suggest telling them that you're asexual !
PROBLEM : SOLVED .
The end !
That uh , that might not be the most helpful advice T - Rex !
Explain !
Well , if they're still in the Asexuality Closet , you're saying they should come out , which probably means explaining to a confused AND amorous person what asexuality is ! I can see wanting to avoid that .
FINE . Asexual people : you should do what I do when I want someone not to like me anymore !
WHAT T - REX DOES WHEN HE WANTS SOMEONE NOT TO LIKE HIM ANYMORE :
< < quietly > > I sit in a boat until they go away
I have received complaints . Apparently I use too many exclamation marks ! APPARENTLY I AM TOO EXCITABLE . Well , not anymore ! Today is a day of level - headedness !
Starting right . . . NOW !
So . How are you Dromiceiomimus ?
I'm fine , T - Rex !
That's good . I'm fine too . Do I seem level - headed to you ? I's because I am not exclaiming anything . I am calm and reserved . You might be reaching for a word . That word is " unflappable " .
Huh ! I guess you do seem A LITTLE unflappable .
So you're altering your personality to suit - who ?
Complaints .
I got a letter from an anonymous dude , and he said I exclaimed too much . So , here we are .
Man , you've got to keep exclaiming ! Exclaiming is who you are !
I will only start exclaiming again if I see something surprising .
Really ! Well , have you ever seen a Utahraptor . . . PUT HIS ENTIRE FIST INTO HIS MOUTH ? ?
SURE HAVEN'T ! ! ! !
I have a friend who got an email invitation to a sex party ! Someone here did not recieve a corresponding invitation .
THAT PERSON IS ME
T - REX AND THE SEX PARTY
Not that I want to go to a sex party , but I had no idea you could get invited to them over EMAIL , and , um , also , that they actually existed :
So now , whenever you're home reading a book or whatever , will you think " Man ! I could be at a SEX PARTY tight now ! " ?
Now that you mention it , YES I WILL .
So who was on the Sex Party Invite List ?
I don't know !
It was hidden , so as to keep things discreet . It's kind of funny , because who knows who you'll run into ? Old girlfriends ? Bosses ? THE POSTMAN ? There's a danger in going to a sex party .
Good to know .
Good to know !
ANYWAY ! T - REX FORGETS ABOUT THE SEX PARTY BECAUSE HE WOULDN'T GO ANYWAY , BECAUSE HOW DO YOU ACT AT A SEX PARTY ? WHAT ARE THE CUSTOMS THERE , THE MORES ? HE DOESN'T KNOW .
What if I offended someone sexy ?
THERE'S THAT TOO
Determinism is the idea that every event and thought ever is predetermined ! This determination is NOT done by fate or God or whatever , but rather by an almost endless chain of prior events . Causality is king !
Also : there's also no such thing as a random event !
A nice benefit of this is that free will is reduced to a complete illusion , since everything anyone ever does is already decided . On the plus side , this means that you can decide to do anything you want , because you're not responsible for it ! But on the minus side , it means that you can't ever ACTUALLY decide to do anything . Thank , determinism !
But come on , even if free will is an illusion , it's a convincing one !
True !
So who cares if everything is predetermined then ? If it's utterly convincing that I have free will , what does it matter if it's all predetermined ? I'm still affecting events in ways I choose .
But you'd just be lying to yourself ! You're affecting events , but not CHOOSING anything .
So how can I be faulted for that , T - Rex . . . IF IT WAS ALREADY DETERMINED THAT I'D LIE TO MYSELF ?
Hooray ! You pass determinism .
Now , let's never talk about it again !
When you break up with someone , can you still be friends ?
Sources say , " Yep ! SURE CAN ! "
I think it's a good idea because you loved them , right ? I don't see that changing just because you broke up . They still must be pretty great !
But - what if you broke up with them because you didn't love them anymore ?
OKAY . But there still must be things that attracted you to them , and you can still have those as friends ! Maybe they're really good at karaoke , or adept at shoe repair . That's attractive !
That IS attractive !
That's what I'm saying !
But I think you're ignoring the possibility that even just seeing this person could be too painful , shoe repair aside . That happens pretty often !
OKAY HONESTLY I did not expect this to be this complicated . All my breakups have been clean AND totally awesome !

We jumped out of an orbital tower and are now freefalling from outer space onto giant trampolines !
I know ! I think we should see other people , baby !
That's cool !
" THE TALENT SHOW "
Dromiceiomimus , I have a great idea for our act : let's put on a play !
A Batman play !
A Batman play ? What's a Batman play ?
It's a play about BATMAN ! I'll play Batman !
Sorry T - Rex ! NOT INTERESTED .
My friend , nobody wants to put on a " Batman play " !
But I'LL be playing Batman !
How is that a selling point ? If we were to put on a Batman play , we'd probably all want to play Batman . That is the essential folly of the Batman play .
Okay FINE , we'll do Plan Omega . Upon closer inspection , I can see myself REALLY getting into Plan Omega !
" PLAN OMEGA : "
Hi we're T - Rex and Utahraptor and we'll be performing " Push It " by Salt - N - Pepa in the original French .
Cette danse n'est pour tout le monde , c'est SEULEMENT pour les personnes sexuelles .
Poussez - le bon !
Poussez - le VRAIMENT bon !
So there's this guy I know , and he must be a friend of a friend because I see him sometimes at parties , but WE can never be friends because I find looking at him intensely frustrating . He has the world's most punchable face !
T - REX AND THE GUY WITH THE WORLD'S MOST PUNCHABLE FACE
And it's terrible ! It reflects poorly on me , I know , but there's just something about him that is BAD for me . It's like being sexually attracted in reverse ? I just end up avoiding the guy . He's got a stupid face for jerks !
* sigh *
I guess I just can't get past my prejudice against people with stupid faces for jerks .
Oh man , I knew a guy like that !
Really ?
Yeah ! We went to the same school . He's the only guy I've ever felt that way about !
I know ! It's the same with me . MY ONLY CONSOLATION is that somebody else probably thinks I , T - Rex , have a stupid face , so at least I'll get my prejudice from both sides .
A FEW WEEKS LATER :
Hey you ! You've got a stupid face ! I - I want to punch it !
This somehow validates my own prejudice , mysterious stranger across the street !
I get that a lot ! !
In the past I have called my fists " Knuckles and Chuckles " , and then later upgraded to the truly compelling " Rocco and Choco , the Twins ! Who ! Punch ! " but now I have an even better nickname !
The CHINESE BUFFET !
That way I can menace someone with my fists and say " Do you WANT to visit the Chinese Buffet ? It's all you can eat TONIGHT , baby ! "
All you can eat ?
All you can eat KNUCKLE SANDWICHES ! The Chinese Buffet serves Chinese food AND knuckle sandwiches to those who are cruisin' for a steaming plate of them . I cannot stress this enough : it's all you can eat .
I can ALSO say " Looks like it's LADIES' NIGHT at the Buffet tonight ! " Hee hee "
For when you . . . beat up women ?
No , for after I beat up a dude and want to imply that he's actually a woman , in case he's the sort of guy who gets mad at that ! Although I COULD also use it if I fought women - like , a cabal of sex , yet EVIL librarians !
You will be prepared if that happens ! The only problem is : you're not Chinese ?

God ! Can you make me Chinese so that my fist nickname makes sense ?
ONLY IF YOU PROMISE TO PUNCH A GUY INTO THE OCEAN AND SAY AT THE BUFFET WATER IS ON THE HOUSE
Oh that is so a deal .
What a lovely day for a walk ! I enjoy crisp fall air AND the changing colour of the leaves .
Ladies and gentlemen : I am down with fall !
I'M DOWN WITH FALL TOO T - REX
Okay ! Because if you're down with fall then you're down with me .
I'm also down with fall , T - Rex !
Excellent ! Then we're ALL down with fall .
I , as well , am down with fall !
Excellent .
Then I guess - I guess to summarize here , we're all in favour of fall . We're all " down " with it .
Yes .
Good ! Good .
MEANWHILE , IN ANOTHER UNIVERSIE WHERE THERE'S ACTUALLY STUFF HAPPENING :
Utahraptor ! Can I borrow your time - reversing ray real quick ?
What for ?
Dude ! I wanna aim it at the left half of my face and cause problems ! !
Attention world ! Who wants to come over and help me celebrate . . .
. . . SUPERMAN'S BIRTHDAY ? ?
You're celebrating the birthday of a fictional character ?
Sure am ! While Superman may be fictional , the cake and good times will be SUPER real !
I might , um , feel a little weird celebrating the birthday of a fictional character , but I'll try to be there !
Excellent ! It will be SUPER good times !
Can I come ?
Sure can !
And I assure you it will be . . . SUPER excellent ?
I bet it will be , assuming you don't make " super " puns the whole night long !
Hah hah ! WE'LL SEE ABOUT THAT ! !
LATER , AT THE PARTY :
I drank too much
I have the best idea ever for a series of books ! Oh MAN . I'll be rich and famous .
Two words :
Shakespeare prequels !
Cha - ching ! It's great , because everyone loves Shakespeare AND ALSO finding out what characters were up to before they got interesting . It'll be Hamlet , only he's happy and well - adjusted , walking around saying " I certainly hope my father doesn't get murdered ! InDEED ! " and then Ophelia says " That's right , baby ! I , incidentally , plan to remain sane . " and then there's IRONY . Shakespeare fans love irony !
So it's just Hamlet ?
No way dude !
It's ALL the famous plays ! All's Well that Begins Well ! Prince Lear ! Romeo and Juliet Babies ! That one's Romeo and Juliet , only they're tiny and smelly . "
That one actually sounds really awesome .
I know !
SOON , T - REX IS PITCHING HIS IDEA TO A PUBLISHER :
" For never was a story of more woe / Than this of Baby Juliet and her Baby Romeo " .
I'm sorry ?
Star - cross'd babies !
Woo ! Hallowe'en ! I love Hallowe'en because I love dressing up .
I also love LOOKING at people who are dressed up . It's on account of how costumes are awesome !
Hey , have you noticed , T - Rex , how all the women's costumes for sale seem to have added the word " sexy " in front of them ? I can't buy a pirate costume ; the only ones for sale are " sexy pirates " ! And heaven help me if I wanted to go as a nurse .
It's true ! The only nurse costumes for sale are from Sexy Hospital , MD !
The hospital is a medical doctor ?
They're that sexy .
But men can still but regular costumes !
That is true !
Though I suppose in our haste to deconstruct the societal sexual roles and fantasies made tangible through the mass production of gendered costumes , we're forgetting about genderless costumes , like giant ape suits !
I've seen a sexy giant ape suit .
Really ? Where ?
SOON !
HOTT
I have come up with the ULTIMATE COMEBACK to be used on musicians ! All I have to do is wait for one to put me down , and then I can be all :
" Oh yeah ? Well here in the REAL world , WE don't get to rest for 32 bars ! "
Hee hee ! It's funny , Dromiceiomimus , because sometimes in a song musicians get to rest for 32 bars , while here in the real world , we don't get to do that because we're not , um - trained musicians .
I got that , yeah ! It seems like it would only work on a musician who's lazy though , right ? Or who's insulting you about being lazy ?
IT WILL WORK ON ALL MUSICIANS . Just you wait !
Do you even know any musicians , T - Rex ?
I will soon !
I see ! You're going to befriend some musicians , purely for the hope that one day one of them will turn out to be a jerk and insult you and then you can use your elaborate zinger on them !
YEP ! Here's a tip : it's part of the reason WE first became friends .
YEARS AGO :
Oh yeah ? Well HERE in the REAL WORLD , the rest of us don't have to raise the giant toenail of our second toe up while running to avoid damaging it !
That's a racially charged insult !
I take it back I take it back ! !
Who here would like to hear an old joke about oatmeal ?
DAAAMN
I WOULD
Then here we go !
Okay okay , so there's this monastery , with three monks , and only one monk is allowed to speak , once , each year . They take turns ! The first year , at breakfast , the first monk speaks and says " I hate oatmeal . " A year later , again at breakfast , the second monk speaks and says " I love oatmeal . " Finally , one year later , the last monk gets to speak and HE says " I'm tired of this constant bickering about oatmeal ! "
Hee hee ! Comedy gold !
Aw , that's an old joke !
BUT A GOOD ONE ! It's funny , I think , because the conversation is spread over three years , and NORMALLY , you'd expect monks not to talk about oatmeal for that long .
I think it's funny because monks are normally thought of as holy , not as oatmeal obsessed OR oatmeal loathing !
I THINK IT'S FUNNY BECAUSE IT'S BASED ON A TRUE STORY
Is it ?
WELL NO BUT I CAN MAKE IT SO IT IS IF YOU WANT
Dude ! !
I'm afraid I'll have to insist !
Man ! I need to stop making all the mistakes . Today is NO MORE MISTAKES FOR T - REX DAY .
SOON :
Aw diggity damn ! Somehow I forgot to rinse my toothbrush after use today !
WELL , it seems that despite my proclamation , I keep on making mistakes !
What kind of mistakes besides the toothbrush one ?
Oh , tons of mistakes . I accidentally offended a friend last night and it was entirely my fault , and I feel terrible . Mistakes like that ! Big mistakes .
Oooh , juicy gossip ! Let's dish !
Nopers !
I'm not dishing on MYSELF , because then you'll clearly spread the gossip around , since only gossips would say " let's dish ! " . Also I am sincerely embarrased and ashamed !
Please ? Pleeeease tell me what you did that was so stupid ?
Okay . But you have to keep it secret !
SOON , T - REX TELLS UTAHRAPTOR THE STORY AND UTAHRAPTOR RESPECTS HIS WISHES FOR PRIVACY ! WHAT A SATISFYING ENDING .
T - REX HAS SNUCK INTO UTAHRAPTOR'S HOUSE AND SWITCHED THE HOT AND COLD PIPES LEADING TO HIS BATHROOM SINK .
Tee hee !
LET'S WATCH !
Isn't that kind of an expensive , elaborate prank , T - Rex ? The worst that'll happen is he'll get cold water when he expects hot .
Hilarious !
Maybe he'll burn himself a little !
COMEDY RELENTLESSLY ENSUES ? ?
Hey T - Rex ! What's new ?
Hey Utahraptor ! How's your bathroom sink treating you ?
Oh , same old , same old ! " The good ol' bathroom sink " , you know ? Good ol' reliable whitey !
Huh !
Well ! I guess I'm not a qualified plumber after all !
BUT , THREE PLUMBING DEGREES LATER !
Hey Utahraptor ! How's your bathroom sink treating you ?
Whitey's hot and cold pipes got reversed !
Awesome , man ! Awesome ! !
The Problem with Wikipedia is that it's peppered with vandalism at various times and at various locations : vandalism that remains until it's noticed by someone who knows enough and cares enough to fix it ! SOMETIMES THIS CAN TAKE A WHILE . BUT !
* ahem *
Ladies and gentlemen : I have solved the Wikipedia Problem !
The solution is as brilliant as it is awesome : instead of vandalizing the ENTIRE encyclopedia , we all just agree to vandalize one article , leaving the other ones alone ! That article is the one about chickens . Why ? It's pretty obvious . DUDES ALREADY KNOW ABOUT CHICKENS .
In conceding that one TINY article to the vandals , Wikipedia wins ! Their victory : a FULLY ACCURATE encyclopedia that covers every topic in the universe , 'cept chickens .
T - Rex , this is worse than taking on the mob ! Wikipedia will be HELLUVA mad at you !
No way ! I am doing them a FAVOUR .
Their vandalism problem GOES AWAY , FOREVER , and all that I ask is that chickens become The Forbidden Topic . " We never talk about chickens " , they can say . " DON'T ASK . "
But how are you going to get people to respect this idea ? Plus , IS IT NOT TRUE THAT MANY WIKIPEDIA EDITORS ARE TRULY HUMOURLESS ABOUT WIKIPEDIA ? ?
I guess we're about to find out ! I bet Fictitional Jimbo Wales loves the idea .
I do love this idea , T - Rex !
Fictional Jimbo Wales ! You brought cupcakes ! !
I have the ultimate CONVERSATION FILLER . Now no longer will there be awkward pauses in my conversations ! Oh yes . No longer .
Because whenever I don't know what to say , I'll just exclaim " Sounds like a good date ! "
An example ! Dromiceiomimus - can you describe your ideal waterslide for me ?
Um , sure ! It's long , I guess , with lots of twists and turns , and some parts are dark so it's scarier , and everyone's screaming ! Oh , and at the end , we all accidentally get chlorinated water in our eyes .
SOUNDS LIKE A GOOD DATE , my friend ! !
What ? That wasn't even your example !
UTAHRAPTOR ! What are you doing here ?
I WAS WALKING BY AND COULDN'T HELP OVERHEARING . You're all " here's an example of an awkward pause ! " but then set her up to say exactly what you want ! Also it didn't even work , because nobody wants chlorinated water in their eyes on a date .
We'll see about THAT !
T - REX CALLS HIS MOM ON SPEAKERPHONE :
Hey mom , if you went out on a date with someone , would you want them to splash chlorinated water in your eyes ?
No , honey .
Aw MOM !
I have the ultimate CONVERSATION FILLER . Now no longer will there be awkward pauses in my conversations ! Oh yes . No longer .
Because whenever I don't know what to say , I'll just exclaim " Sounds like a good date ! "
An example ! Dromiceiomimus - can you describe your ideal waterslide for me ?
Um , sure ! It's long , I guess , with lots of twists and turns , and some parts are dark so it's scarier , and everyone's screaming ! Oh , and at the end , we all accidentally get chlorinated water in our eyes .
SOUNDS LIKE A GOOD DATE , my friend ! !
What ? That wasn't even your example !
UTAHRAPTOR ! What are you doing here ?
I WAS WALKING BY AND COULDN'T HELP OVERHEARING . You're all " here's an example of an awkward pause ! " but then set her up to say exactly what you want ! Also it didn't even work , because nobody wants chlorinated water in their eyes on a date .
We'll see about THAT !
T - REX CALLS HIS MOM ON SPEAKERPHONE :
Hey mom , if you went out on a date with someone , would you want them to splash chlorinated water in your eyes ?
No , honey .
Aw MOM !
I am on the lookout for a new friend . A new , more ultimate friend : the best friend ever .
I am on the lookout for science , personified !
It will be so awesome , Dromiceiomimus ! Can you imagine being friends with Science Personified ? You'd never have your science questions go unanswered . I'd be all " Hey , how does a bumblebee fly ? " and he'd be all " Yo , dynamic stall " and I'd be all " Sweetness ! "
So science personified is a man ?
Man ! He can be a chick if he wants . He's SCIENCE PERSONIFIED .
And his name is - what , " Science Personified " ?
I don't know !
All I know is that we'll be able to test our theories of what his name really is through repeatable experimentation and observation .
I like how you're ignoring the problems of being friends with him , like what happens if you're out with Science AND Religion Personified and THEY BOTH CALL SHOTGUN .
Luckily , I could just ask Invention Personified to come up with a way to settle the argument !
They're all siblings ?
I'm gonna say , " yes " ?
Something people like to argue about sometimes is whether or not certain things are genetically innate , or personal decisions !
NATURE VERSUS NURTURE
in comic form , baby
If it's natural , then you can't really blame a person for having it , because they didn't have a choice . But if it's because of nurture , then you CAN blame them for it , or the very least their parents ! OR SOCIETY .
Is the whole nature / nurture debate really about assigning blame ?
I think so ! It doesn't change the " nature " ( oh ho ho ! ) of what's being discussed , just its origin .
Well , it's not just about blame or credit , T - Rex , it's also about free will !
Free will ?
Yeah , because if something important about you is fully determined by your genes , then you never had any control over that , and you're not responsible . You didn't have a choice . On the other hand , if you think babies are born as blank slates , then that's limitless personal freedom , but that has problems too !
GUYS THERE IS A THIRD OPTION
What's that ? GOD wanted it to be that way ?
I WAS GONNA SAY LEPRECHAUNS BUT YEAH
DANG
THAT'S GOOD TOO
Literally hours of work have paid off , and I have come up with my greatest invention yet . . . a DUPLICATOR RAY !
( Duplicator rays let you make perfect copies of anything ! )
Really ? So if I have , say , a papier - m ? ch ? pi ? ata dog filled with tasty candies , your duplicator ray will make a PERFECT duplicate ?
Yep ! The duplicate is identical in every regard . The ray examines the object at the quantum AND subquantum levels and thanks to the twin fists of Actual Science and Heisenberg Compensators , makes a perfect copy , indistinguishable from the original !
I call baloney , T - Rex !
Aha ! On account of how it violates conservation of energy laws ?
Nope , on account of how it's truly impossible to have a perfect copy of anything ! Philosophically : if I paint a picture and you duplicate it , I'll grant that they can be identical in every way BUT ONE : mine is the original . That's a property that doesn't have a physical realization , so you can't ever duplicate it !
Okay YEAH it's not original , but it's an OTHERWISE PERFECT DUPLICATE . I can destroy economies based on scarcity and generate clean drinking water for everyone ! I can even DUPLICATE DUDES ! I can't believe you're not more excited . I CAN DUPLICATE BRENT SPINER
Ladies and gentlemen : is it time for a new catchphrase ?
Sources say : " DAMN girl , sure is ! "
That's not the new catchphrase though . I've got - I've got different ones . And here they are ! " Let's get remarkably frisky " ( useful in many situations ) , " That's gobbles ! " ( meaning " that's crazy ! " , short for 'gobbledygook' ) , and " I lose at sex " .
Um .
You can use " I lose at sex " for when you lose at sex .
Um .
What's this " lose at sex " thing all about ?
Losing at sex ! Dude ! It's right there .
It's like when people say " You lose at life " , only better because it's more specific and also suggests that sex is not a competition , but that you found a way of making it one , and then , you lost at it . It's " the gobbles " ?
Right ! Anyway , I'm late for work !
Shit !
I'm unemployed !
A negative income tax , or " NIT " , is when the government pays you money when your income is low ! Pretty sweet !
NEGATIVE INCOME TAX COMICS
it will be interesting I PROMISE
But there is a catch . You still pay taxes - say , a flat tax of 10 % - BUT , the government also pays you enough to survive ! This way there's a guaranteed minimum income - like welfare , but simpler . So if you make only $ 1000 in a year you'll pay $ 100 in taxes , but since the government pays everyone , say , $ 10000 , you'll end up $ 9900 ahead in tax money . As you make more money , you net less from the government , until you end up actually paying taxes !
So this acts to replace welfare ?
Yep ! And a bunch of related programs .
It simplifies things , plus it includes a flat tax , which a lot of amateur economists AS WELL AS even some real economists like !
I can see fraud being a problem , though , especially since if the fraud's successful , the government loses real money .
LATER :
Utahraptor ! I just found out that Milton Friedman , proposer of the NIT , died yesterday at age 94 !
One wonders if our conversation today would be an appropriate epitaph .
Dude ! I believe this not to be the case ! !
HEY T - REX HAVE YOU FALLEN IN LOVE YET AND IF NOT
WHY NOT
Dude ! I've been busy !
COME ON EVERYONE WHO'S ANYONE IS TOTALLY MARRIED
Man , whatever !
First it was romance movies telling me that I won't be TRULY HAPPY unless I'm in a relationship , then it's the media at large , and now it's God ? I AM TEMPTED TO NEVER LOVE ANYONE AGAIN JUST TO PROVE A POINT .
Aww ! T - Rex , that would be terrible . I love you
I love you too and I'm glad we're friends . But MAN , I don't love people asking me when I'm going to get married .
So when are you going to get married , T - Rex ?
Argh ! Two weeks !
Happy ? I'm going to find someone and we're going to get married and it's going to take two weeks . Okay ?
Okay !
Okay . Well then . I'd better get on this .
TWO WEEKS LATER , T - REX STILL ISN'T MARRIED . HE'S HAPPY THOUGH ! HE'S HOSTING AN AWESOME PARTY INSTEAD ! IT'S SO COOL !
Hey T - Rex , do you have any more potato chips ?
Hah hah ! You sure do love your chips , JODIE FOSTER !
COMICS WITH SUDDEN CHANGES IN GENRE II
I'm going nuts !
LIQUID NUTS !
See what I did there , Dromiceiomimus ? I used " liquid " as an intensifier .
Like " super " ?
Yep ! It goes nuts , super nuts , nutty crackers , and then liquid nuts for only the nuttiest things .
Can this also be applied to chocolate bars ?
YOU KNOW IT CAN'T . That would be heresy !
Liquid heresy !
Exactly !
I do think " nuts " can be applied to chocolate bars though .
Okay honestly it can apply to chocolate bars , but it becomes confusing if the bar isn't crammed with nuts , or somehow liquidly nutty . There is a SEMANTIC COLLISION .
SUDDENLY !
Anyway , I meant what I said about going nuts . I feel like I've got this powerful instinct for self - destruction , and I'm just fooling myself if I think I can control it .
You're so crazy T - Rex !
I'm wacky times !
Man , I've been feeling down all morning . What could possibly cheer me up ?
PENETRATION

LATER :
And so my damn freaky raccoon and cephalopod neighbors were all " penetration " and then I froze , and THEN , I ran away . Why are they always up in my base , freaking out my dudes ?
They're just teasing you , T - Rex ! They just get a rise out of you so they keep at it .
You'd react too ! IT'S DAMN UNSETTLING . Plus , they shouted after me about " a new sexual position " . Argh !
So what's so new about it ?
I HAVE NO IDEA .
And I don't want to find out ! You'd think that anything that could be invented has already been PRETTY MUCH COVERED .
I still think they're jsut trying to be your friend . They like you !
They don't like me ! They just like freaking me out !
LATER :
IT'S GOOD TO HAVE YOU BACK T - REX ! COME LEARN ABOUT OUR NEW SEXUAL POSITION .
No , thank you ! I am busy with non - disgusting activities !
BUT IT'S CALLED THE " WIDOWMAKER " , T - REX .
WE NEED YOUR TORSO ?
Sometimes when you're in an accident or about to be hurt , time seems to slow down ! This gives you more of a chance to react to ensure your survival !
This is AWESOME .
Assuming that time isn't ACTUALLY changing , this means that my brain has the incredible ability to slow down my perception of time ! I must harness this , Dromiceiomimus !
I could become TRULY UNSTOPPABLE . I could read books faster AND also do well on timed tests !
It does sound like it would be an evolutionary advantage .
I am seriously trying to evolve so hard over here !
But wouldn & # 8217 ; t it be boring ?
Nope !
Sure it would ! If you & # 8217 ; re all & # 8220 ; I perceive the world slowly , allowing me more reaction time & # 8221 ; , wouldn & # 8217 ; t this conversation be slowed down ? Wouldn & # 8217 ; t everyone look like statues and sound like dull rumbles when they open their mouths ?
THERE IS ONE WAY TO FIND OUT .
T - REX INCREDIBLY GAINS THIS POWER FOR ONE DAY ONLY ! IT & # 8217 ; S SO PLAUSIBLE
I & # 8217 ; m trapped in a body that moves so slowly as to seem motionless . Ah well ! At least I have plenty of time to think about & # 8230 ; . Mammalian breasts ?
Self , what is the deal with mammalian breasts ?
God , do you think I'm a good enough dude to write an opera ?
UM
Man ! Even God thinks I can't write an opera !
Why would you want to write an opera , T - Rex ?
WELL , the consensus seems to be that opera is the classiest of the classical arts . If I could write a great opera , it would mean that I was awesome at composing music AND awesome at writing words for dudes and ladies to sing ! It would also mean that I could move people with my AMAZING UNDERSTANDING OF EMOTIONS .
Hah ! You're not a guy who understands emotions !
I am . I am !
Not really dude ! You understand how to make fun of them , MAYBE , but if I had a serious emotional issue , I don't think I'd come to you for empathy !
I'm empathetic ! Watch ! Watch me be so emPATHETIC right now !
Perhaps you have not yet noticed my odd pronunciation of " empathetic " , hinting at a pun and a belief at odds with my literal speech ?
No , I got that !
Sweet !
I'm glad we're friends !
Remember my friend ( female ) who dated her roommate ( also female ) ? That is not the only sexy adventure she has had !
Not by a long shot !
Like this one time she had a gentleman caller spend the night . Nothing happened , but the next day while she was at work , this guy did all her dishes for her !
Then , that night , they had SEXUAL CONGRESS !
Coincidence ?
Or just one more way sexual intimacy is commodified ?
Sex for clean dishes ! Exactly !
I was more pointing out that you're the guy who's drawing the equal sign between doing the dishes and having sex . They could be unrelated !
And I'M just pointing out now we can tease her by offering to do her dishes and raising our eyebrows ! I'm gonna do it like this :
Hello ! Can i clean your dishes ? ?
RUMOURS
Someone's been spreading some stupid !
. . . about ME !
Dromiceiomimus , did you hear the rumour about me ?
No , I didn't ! What is it ? Is it so JUICY ?
It's terrible ! SOMEONE has been telling people that the only reason I stomp on things is because I have issues . PARENTAL issues ! It makes me say this : " what ? ? "
Hah ! I think it's awesome you're still stomping on things , even with the rumour .
Hells yes !
I'm not gonna stop ! I'm going to show people that the reason I stomp on things is because stomping on things is TRULY EXCELLENT . You should try it !
Nope ! I'm not really one for the destruction , plus , I don't have your . . . PARENTAL ISSUES ? ?
You know what ? That doesn't bother me , because I'm starting my own T - Rex rumour ! Tell your friends that I stomp things because WHENEVER I kiss someone , they always pull away , smile , give me a double thumbs up , and then run off over the horizon yelling " Totally radical ! ! "
it's frustrating
It's time to spice things up , dudes and ladies ! Today I am only going to make BAD DECISIONS .
BAD DECISIONS COMICS
Aw no , T - Rex ! Why can't you be like a regular person and only make bad decisions by mistake ? I don't get this romance you have for regret .
It's exciting , Dromiceiomimus ! And I guess I do like the IDEA of bad decisions more than I like the , you know , ACTUAL CONSEQUENCES of bad decisions , but this might cure me of that at least !
So let's hear these bad decisions then !
I haven't made any yet !
The only idea I have right now is to invent kitchen appliances that somehow crave the flesh of the living . That'd be a bad decision , right ?
Kinda ?
EXCELLENT .
SOON :
Don't try to eat me , toaster !
i won't t - rex
I can see you licking your lips while looking at my sumptuous belly , toaster !
awww darn
HEY T - REX I BET YOU FIFTY BUCKS YOU CAN'T ACHIEVE ENLIGHTENMENT IN THE BUDDHIST SENSE
Oh , IT'S ON !
BUT SOON :
Man ! Forget discovering the true nature of reality !
How exactly am I supposed to lose my ego and become enlightened through meditation ? SAYING " PRACTICE " DOESN'T COUNT . What I want is unambiguous , non metaphorical step - by - step instructions ! Buddha is supposed to be a dude who took steps to move from unenlightened to enlightened , right ? Is there any reason why the steps he took are not understandable , communicable , repeatable and verifiable ?
I think I it's probably supposed to be different for each person , maybe ?
That doesn't matter !
: Write down in detail the precise steps each person took and let me generalize across the set . I want an algorithm for enlightenment ! A checklist for nirvana !
You - you want religious practices to be subject to scientific method ?
Yes please !
LATER RELIGIOUS PRACTICES STILL NOT SUBJECT TO SCIENTIFIC METHOD
Excuse me , Buddhist monks ? I'm gonna owe God fifty bucks if I don't get enlightened soon .
Dude ! We get that ALL THE TIME !
It snowed last night . The first snow of the year !
It's sincerely excellent !
I'm sure in a few months I will be bored with the snow , but right now it is exciting and magical and makes everything look pretty !
Yes ! It is unfortunate that the cabin you're stepping on has such poor insulation , as to cause all the snow to melt from the roof !
Indeed ! Also , this car appears to be recently driven , causing the snow on it to blow away .
It has been unseasonably warm SINCE the snow , as well !
This is true !
That explains why we're all not wearing snowsuits , and it's too bad , because we'd look adorable . Can you imagine ?
You'd have little mittens attached with yarn through the sleeves so you don't lose them !
Aww . I'd be a cutie !
Yes , today truly has been a day of frustrated expectations !
I Have come up with a hilarious THREE - LEVEL PUN , Dromiceiomimus ! Check it out ! Instead of saying " I'll play it by ear " , I point to my ear and say " I guess I'll play it by HERE ! "
Hah hah hah !
I don't get it , T - Rex . I mean , I get that " here " sounds like " ear " , but -
- but that is just level one of pun ! I'm also pointing to my ear and saying " here " , so there's level two ( a visual pun ! ) and level THREE is how " here " sounds like " hear " and you can use ears to hear things . I'll play it by " hear " , i . e . , by how I hear it ! It is a PERFECT STORM of wordplay , Dromiceiomimus ! They make movies out of perfect storms .
WEEKS LATER :
Guess what , everyone ? My pun is still awesome !
It's been weeks , T - Rex !
I think it's time to concede that you're not going to get the response you want from " play it by here " and to move on to bigger and better things . None of us think it's that great !
Guess what , Utahraptor ? It is great , and weeks from now you'll be apologizing to me for not recognizing it's uncut brilliance !
WEEKS LATER :
Guess what , everyone ?
you all suck
How come nobody has ever sent me a telegram ? Telegrams are old - skool classiness given physical form !
One telegram , please ! !
Can you still send non - singing and stripping telegrams ? I thought email had basically replaced them .
Not Hardly ! Telegrams were better because they made you go to the door to get them , which meant folks knew you were popular AND getting an important message . Plus they charged by the word so people were concise ! Also I think you had to write " STOP " instead of a period so the messages were rad , stop .
Hey , I'll send you a telegram , T - Rex !
You will ? !
Sure ! I won't do it now though because you'll be expecting it , but in a few weeks , months , or years , you'll get one !
Awesome ! ! Wow , thanks , Utahraptor ! You're a real friend !
YEARS LATER :
I have a telegram for you , sir ! It says " HEY T - REX , STOP I AM HERE TO PARTY STOP DO YOU WANT TO PARTY STOP "
I've NEVER been more intrigued !
If I could give up any sense , what would it be ? It's not going to be hearing or talking , because I do those ALL THE TIME .
ALSO " TALKING " ISN'T A SENSE
Whatevs !
And I don't want to give up touch , because then I'd be bumping my body into spikes and BARELY EVEN NOTICING . Taste wouldn't be too bad , but I'd miss tasting tasty things ! I think it would have to be smell , assuming that wouldn't impact taste ! .
I'd give up taste because smell is good to warn you of fires !
Yeah but so's sight , and I can ALSO use sight to check out women , and dictionaries .
I'm surprised at you , T - Rex !
Really ? Why's that ?
You're basically sticking to the canonical five senses ! I would have bet the first sense you'd give up is your sense of EMPATHY , or your sense of what's appropriate to say in social situations .
Hah ! MAN . I would love to give up that sense ! Can you imagine ?
It would probably go down like this . Ask me if I want to go get a pizza !
Okay . Do you want to go get a pizza , T - Rex ?
SURE ! Also , I -
- I have controversial theories about emigration ?
I , like most men , have stepped on a few tiny women in my day .
This i claim !
However , I don't claim to be a misogynist ! It is a problem that the very tall face when confronted with the very tiny . Sometimes you step on them by accident !
But you step on them on purpose ! You're stepping on that house on purpose ! There's no accident .
I AM MERELY SHADING IT FROM THE SUN , and then my foot gets heavy and tired .
Okay , but now you're stepping on one !
Yes ! I am !
I don't get why you're trying to say that though . Have you been called misogynist lately ?
EARLIER :
t - rex ! stop stepping on us ! we think you are misogynist
Daaamn , tiny women ! That's crazy ! Come closer for a sec ?
NO DICE
BAD KISSES COMICS
featuring t - rex : dinosaur , protagonist , erstwhile , smoocher
Here are some bad kisses i have had . Boy howdy !
KISS THE FIRST : one time i was SERIOUSLY kissing a lady and thought of how bad it would be if I started laughing right then , and the image of her being so PISSED at me was so funny that I laughed right into her mouth ! 16 months later , we broke up . COINCIDENCE ? ?
Hey ! You've laughed in my mouth too !
Don't try to change me , baby !
KISS THE SECOND : one time I kissed a woman who just threw up ?
Ewwwwwwww !
Well I didn't KNOW she'd just thrown up ! She tried to warn me .
What'd she say ?
" Wait , I just threw - " , and then we were smoochin' ! I THOUGHT she was going to say , " . . . out all doubts I had about our kissing in the near future . "
I miss her
God , I've been watching a pretty good TV show lately ! It's called " Scrubs " . It's pretty okay !
ARE YOU KIDDING ME
THE BEST TV SHOW IN THE HISTORY OF TIME IS WILL AND GRACE
What ? !
You're crazy ! Will and Grace is terrible ! They always forget to put in jokes in their episodes ! Scrubs is comedy gold compared to Will and Grace !
WILL AND GRACE IS CUTE AND I LIKE HOW SOME OF THE CHARACTERS ARE GAY AND IT'S LIKE THEIR WHOLE LIFE
You know what Will and Grace is ? Will and Grace is Congealed Human Suffering !
Hey , who are you arguing with ?
God ! About SITCOMS .
Wow ! You're one step away from being a crazy person on the street , huh ?
HE'S the one who's crazy ! He likes Will and Grace ! Damn it ! Now he's making me look crazy !
HEY T - REX
What ! ?
WILL IS THE GAY ONE
What have I done with my life ? For serious ! I am getting older and if things keep up this way I will die an unremarkable dude .
My epitaph will be " HERE LIES AND UNREMARKABLE DUDE : ( BUT HEY I GET THERE'S SOMEONE RAD TO THE LEFT ; D " !
Actually , that's a pretty sweet epitaph .
But ! My concerns about my own lack of impact still stand !
You've done stuff , T - Rex !
You're going to say that I've made a positive impact in the life of my friends , ET CETERA , but I'm talking about - well , I guess I'm talking about public love and recognition . You know who won a Nobel Oscar Price at age 26 ?
Who ?
Not me ! !
LATER , T - REX GETS A VISION OF HIS FUTURE THANKS TO THE GHOST OF CHRISTMAS YET TO COME :
Good Spirit , are these the shadows of the things that will e , or are they the shadows of things that May be , only ?
'cause my epitaph sucks
I am a dude with some SERIOUSLY UNINFORMED opinions about archaeology !
Okay ! We're digging up stuff all the time , right ? And talk to any archaeologist and they'll complain about sites that have been damaged or destroyed by under - informed Victorian archaeologists that didn't have the knowledge and skills we have today . Doesn't it stand to reason that in 100 years we'll be making the same complaints about today's work ? We only have so much history . Shouldn't we wait until we've perfected archaeology before we dig ?
Well , doctors don't wait until medical technology is at a peak before operating !
True !
But dudes and ladies have finite lifetimes . The past isn't going anywhere ! We can dig it up whenevs .
Perhaps it's only through excavation that archaeologists learn how to better their trade .
Perhaps !
Or perhaps it's hard to admit that hypothetical future people would be more on the ball than you could ever be !
Man , that's not hard ! I suck at flying but fully expect future T - Rexes to be flying all over the place .
Thanks to the heady power of evolution ?
INFORMED OPINIONS ABOUT ARCHAEOLOGY COMICS
Yes ! I have actually done some research this time . Schwing !
And it turns out I was TOTALLY CORRECT !
Archaeologists ARE aware that they're mining a finite resource , and when possible , they only dig a little and leave some for the future . But there are time limits : often they'll be examining a site just before it's dug up for a new building of something , which means this is their last chance to see what's there before it's destroyed . And sometimes the ground is volatile enough that if they don't dig soon , whatever's there will be lost anyway !
In conclusion and in summary , way to go archaeologists !
Hooray for archaeologists !
We have nothing but good things to say about the women and men of archaeology ! Nothing but smiles for the trained and capable few who dedicate themselves towards exploring and explaining our shared history !
LATER : ARCHAEOLOGISTS TOTAL T - REX'S CAR !
Damn it , archaeologists !
WE HAVE A HISTORY
a web card
Dear recipient of this comic :
You and whoever went this card to you totally have a history together !
That's pretty intriguing , isn't it ? What sort of history ? Did you used to date ? There's a lot I don't know about your history .
Maybe it's one sided ! Maybe you don't even know who the sender is ! Maybe he's this guy and HE thinks you have this history and YOU don't know him from Bob !
Maybe we should be more sensitive here , T - Rex !
YES . Good idea !
Besides , maybe the sender understands that you've both hurt each other in the past , but you're still friends , and he's glad for what happened , bad stuff and all . He knows you well and he's happy for that , and he cares for you in a way that's special and unique to you , history and all .
Aww !
Anyway ! Enjoy your failed relationship ( s ) !
I just had the greatest idea for a business ever ! It will be a store selling self - help books and stuff for relationships . It will be called . . .
. . . The Relationship !
Hah hah ! Assuming people choose their shopping establishments by pun quality , I am truly set !
so , it's an adult book store ? Adult novelties ?
No ! No , it's just like - it's got books . And it's got calendars with puppies in teacups , framed by captions about commitment . You know ! Stuff the public wants !
All this for a pun , huh T - Rex ?
Not just for A pun ! For a SERIES of puns .
For example , the franchise manual is titled " Let's Talk About Our Relationship " .
And the first sentence is " We hope this will be the start of a beautiful Relationship " ?
Man ! YES ! You are on the ball with this pun ! You're hired !
NEXT TIME , ON DINOSAUR COMICS :
Dudes !
I am personally insolvent !
I just had the greatest idea for a business ever ! It will be a store selling self - help books and stuff for relationships . It will be called . . .
. . . The Relationship !
Hah hah ! Assuming people choose their shopping establishments by pun quality , I am truly set !
so , it's an adult book store ? Adult novelties ?
No ! No , it's just like - it's got books . And it's got calendars with puppies in teacups , framed by captions about commitment . You know ! Stuff the public wants !
All this for a pun , huh T - Rex ?
Not just for A pun ! For a SERIES of puns .
For example , the franchise manual is titled " Let's Talk About Our Relationship " .
And the first sentence is " We hope this will be the start of a beautiful Relationship " ?
Man ! YES ! You are on the ball with this pun ! You're hired !
NEXT TIME , ON DINOSAUR COMICS :
Dudes !
I am personally insolvent !
SHOCK ENDING COMICS
today's feature : shock endings in panel five !
Man ! Imagine how great things would be if I had a BRITISH ACCENT ? ?
Forsooth , I recall those fair summers by the Hamptonshire . Cheerio !
Yes ! I can see nothing wrong with this fantasy .
It is so accurate !
It's accurate that British dudes recall summers , then say goodbye ?
Yep !
And - WAIT A MINUTE , how did you know my fantasy ? ! I only thought it and didn't say it ! You read my mind !
T - Rex , of course I read your mind ! We all read minds , here in the universe where everything is the same , EXCEPT FOR ONE CHILLING DIFFERENCE ! !
Later :
Aw gross ! That dude across the street is thinking about poo .
What ?
Am not ! !
SHOCK ENDING COMICS
today's feature : shock endings in panel five !
Man ! Imagine how great things would be if I had a BRITISH ACCENT ? ?
Forsooth , I recall those fair summers by the Hamptonshire . Cheerio !
Yes ! I can see nothing wrong with this fantasy .
It is so accurate !
It's accurate that British dudes recall summers , then say goodbye ?
Yep !
And - WAIT A MINUTE , how did you know my fantasy ? ! I only thought it and didn't say it ! You read my mind !
T - Rex , of course I read your mind ! We all read minds , here in the universe where everything is the same , EXCEPT FOR ONE CHILLING DIFFERENCE ! !
Later :
Aw gross ! That dude across the street is thinking about poo .
What ?
Am not ! !
Someone going by the all - caps name " ZACH MORRIS " has tagged my house ! My front door is now spraypainted with " Zach " 's stupid name for jerks . I don't even like Saved by the Bell that much !
Forget you , Zach Morris !
I thought you always liked street art , T - Rex ! You're always all , " Hey guys , let's reclaim public spaces with art instead of ads ! "
Yeah , but this isn't art ! It's tagging . It's just some dude's made up name ! Taggers are like dogs , marking their territory wherever they can , and " Zach Morris " is just a dog who likes implausible high school scenarios . Either that , I guess , or Mark - Paul Gosselaar is bored . And experimenting ?
I think you're ignoring the symbolism AND sociology behind tagging , T - Rex !
Explain !
Okay , so you grow up in the city , and the skyline is dominated by billboards , ads for products and brand you don't have access to . And you realize that nobody cares you you are , but EVERYONE knows who Mickey Mouse is and what a Coke is . So you create a brand name for yourself ! You make up a tag and put it everywhere .
Tagging can really be seen as the next logical step in ads : self - advertising ! It can be seen as the price we pay for a culture that has saturated itself with advertising : individual brands , internalized campaigns of self - promotion .
UTAHRAPTOR YOU ARE ZACH MORRIS
Someone going by the all - caps name " ZACH MORRIS " has tagged my house ! My front door is now spraypainted with " Zach " 's stupid name for jerks . I don't even like Saved by the Bell that much !
Forget you , Zach Morris !
I thought you always liked street art , T - Rex ! You're always all , " Hey guys , let's reclaim public spaces with art instead of ads ! "
Yeah , but this isn't art ! It's tagging . It's just some dude's made up name ! Taggers are like dogs , marking their territory wherever they can , and " Zach Morris " is just a dog who likes implausible high school scenarios . Either that , I guess , or Mark - Paul Gosselaar is bored . And experimenting ?
I think you're ignoring the symbolism AND sociology behind tagging , T - Rex !
Explain !
Okay , so you grow up in the city , and the skyline is dominated by billboards , ads for products and brand you don't have access to . And you realize that nobody cares you you are , but EVERYONE knows who Mickey Mouse is and what a Coke is . So you create a brand name for yourself ! You make up a tag and put it everywhere .
Tagging can really be seen as the next logical step in ads : self - advertising ! It can be seen as the price we pay for a culture that has saturated itself with advertising : individual brands , internalized campaigns of self - promotion .
UTAHRAPTOR YOU ARE ZACH MORRIS
A new year is coming up . That means it is time to take stock of my life and make resolutions for improvements in the year to come !
THERE IS NO CHOICE IN THIS MATTER
RESOLUTION ONE :
eat less chickens !
I mean , eat FEWER chickens . " Fewer " is when you can count them , and " less " is when it's more of a mass and less countable , right ? Like , I'd eat less rice , but I'd eat fewer COUNTABLY - MANY grains of rice .
I think you should resolve to be less obsessed about grammar !
Oh , Dromiceiomimus . Denied ! !
So let's hear these other resolutions !
Of course ! AFTER we talk about " less " and " fewer " .
Isn't it neat that we have this distinction in English between fewer and elss , but the opposite , " more " , covers both those cases ? Our language is ASYMMETRICAL . If you want to encode countability in your " greater than " comparison word , then good luck ! Hah ! GOOD LUCK WITH THAT , MY FRIEND !
Okay !
LATER :
I ALSO resolve to get more smooches from ladies .
DISEASE COMICS
today's disease :
Fibrodysplasia Ossificans Progressiva , or " FOP "
FOP is one of the rarest conditions known to medicine !
It's a genetic disorder that causes muscles and connective tissue to literally change to bone . As more and more tissue becomes bone , joints become fused and the inflicted person is eventually left ossified and completely unable to move ! Attempts to remove the extra bone simply result in further bone growth . It is a very painful disease and there is no cure , BUT , the gene that causes it has recently been found , which gives us hope !
Should we be talking about it like this ? Isn't that a little - crass ?
Not really !
We're spreading AWARENESS of the condition , which is a good thing !
Yeah , but it's such a sensational disease ! Maybe we should - I don't know , try to be less sensational about it . We shouldn't be making jokes .
Who's making jokes ? I'm not making jokes .
THE PRECEDING COMIC SHOULD NOT HAVE BEEN READ BY PEOPLE WHO ARE TERRIFIED OF GETTING EXTREMELY RARE GENETIC DISEASES
DISEASE COMICS
today's disease :
SMOOCHITIS
Smoochitis is when you have a MEDICAL case of the smooches !
Dromiceiomimus , do you have smoochitis ?
I don't know , T - Rex ! I might !
We should smooch to make extra sure !
LATER :
Man , I can't believe that worked !
She had smoochitis ! !
The only cure : FURTHER SMOOCHING . Symptoms include smooches and caressing about the neck . And buttocks ?
I know how smoochitis develops , yeah .
It's my SPECIALTY , baby !
WARNING : THE PRECEDING EROTICA WAS EXTREMELY SEXUALLY CHARGED
I am getting old ! WHICH IS FINE , except I'm starting to worry that all I do is young guy stuff and not mature adult stuff , like having a mortgage , or owning more than one pair of nice pants .
T - REX COMICS
I'm a little surprised by my own feelings ! I've always been a guy to be fully behind doing what you want and SCREW SOCIETY , but I there's a part of me whispering " come on get a real job and a mortgage and live a real life it'll be raaaad " . Maybe it's societal conditioning , but it's there ! I guess I either need to change my life OR my opinions , or accept that little bit of discomfort for as long as I live .
Discomfort ?
Yes ! With my LIFE .
Hah ! You're finally not sure your days of INSATIABLY COMPELLING HEDONISM are all you want ?
Maybe ! I guess I look at people with real responsibility and wonder if maybe it'd be nice , and if I'm being - left behind ? I don't know ? I never wanted to be Canonically Adult before !
WHATEVER , T - REX ! HERE'S ANOTHER TIME YOU WANTED TO BE CANONICALLY ADULT :
YOU DIDN'T SAY ANYTHING BUT WE COULD ALL TELL YOU WERE THINKING IT .
So , Dromiceiomimus : Do you know how to draw superheroes ? I've got such a great idea for a comic .
( IN THIS PANEL , DROMICEIOMIMUS SAYS YES )
Sweet ! Okay , so the idea is , there's this guy , Lee , right ? One day he gains SUPER POWERS . And I'm not sure how he gets them yet but BASICALLY he's got this slot in the top of his head , and he can write words on cards and put them in the slot , so he gains those qualities ! So say a decision has to be made : he writes " decisive " on a card and forces it into his head , and he becomes DECISIVE LEE ! He then has the power to do things decisively , SUPER decisively !
So he's got any power that can be described by an English adverb ending in " ly " ?
PRECISELY !
But not just Precise Lee , he can be Compelling Lee , Obliging Lee - even Furious Lee ! But the catch is , the cards stick out , so enemies know what they're dealing with . " Oh cool , we're dealing with Conclusive Lee " , they'll say . " We can ask him some questions . "
I see
FIFTY YEARS LATER
Have I TRULY won every single award in comics ?
I'm a dude who's really not that religious ! I'm not a big believer in DEITIES .
WHAT
But I don't like it when someone says they've lost their faith because of me !
Because faith is something I don't really have , it's sort of like a sandcastle , right ? And I don't want to be the guy that goes around kicking other people's sandcastles . Even if they thank me afterwards ! Faith is something rare , at least for me , and I'd hate to take it away from someone else .
That's pretty patronizing , isn't it ?
Not really !
Sure ! You're saying " I won't tell you about MY amazing beliefs because they would completely obliterate yours ! Also : your religion is made of sand . "
Thant's not what I'm saying ! WHO'D HAVE THOUGHT this frank talk about religion would result in heated debate ?
JUST THEN , ALL RELIGIOUS DEBATES EVER ARE SETTLED FOREVER ! NICE !
Well ! I guess that gives us more time to talk about - I don't know . Dogs ? I guess we could talk about dogs .
I like dogs !
Today is the day . Yes !
Today is the day I lose my fear of ZOMBIES .
T - REX AND THE LIVING DEAD
The way I see it , zombies are either avoidable or too effective . The only way to become a zombie is to be bitten by one , but not to get eaten , yes ? Then the bite kills you and you come back as a zombie . But zombies WANT to eat you ! It's only the sucky ones that bite you and don't finish the job . So if the first zombie was REALLY GOOD , the infection wouldn't spread , because he'd cold eat all his victims ! And if he was sucky you could just avoid him , on account of his suckiness .
PROBLEM : SOLVED .
You're coming from a medical perspective , right ?
The idea is that there's not too many diseases that can spread easily AND kill you overnight , because they're too effective : the infection wouldn't spread , and the disease dies .
Yes ! Zombies are too effective to be contagious . That's why they can't exist in real life !
LATER : FAST - MOVING PULMONARY ANTHRAX ZOMBIES
I take it back I take it back ! !
I have discovered the ultimate secret to comedy ! The more obscure a joke is , the less people there are who'll get it , but the MORE they'll find it correspondingly HILARIOUS ! I suspect this law progresses geometrically .
For example !
Let's say I have a joke about how cats like to sleep . NOT FUNNY , right Dromiceiomimus ? Everyone who's met a sleepy ol' cat can get that . But if I have a joke about how , say , an obscure programming language is pretty wacky , then people who know that language will feel like I'm talking to them ! They laugh both at the joke AND in recognition . Comedy increases , and the only reasonable conclusion is " laughs ahoy ! "
So logically , ALL I HAVE TO DO is find a really rich guy and tell him a joke only HE'D find funny , and I'm set for life !
Huh ?
Dude , rich people LOVE to give people money when they make them laugh ! And I'm going to track down Patrick Stewart and make him laugh SO HARD . You don't even know .
Patrick Stewart ? Is he really that loaded that he gives money away for funny jokes ?
Um , HE COMMANDED THE ENTERPRISE ?
The Patrick Stewart press
i review the new MACBOOKS
T - REX DID YOU KNOW THAT THE KILOGRAM IS ONE OF THE FEW UNITS OF MEASUREMENT STILL DEFINED BY A PHYSICAL OBJECT
Dude ! WE HAVE TO STEAL IT !
OH MAN WE SO HAVE TO
God ! We're going to steal the kilogram !
Now we're gonna have to use out cleverness because it's PROBABLY well - protected , seeing how it's the only real kilogram in the entire universe .
HOW ARE YOU AT DODGING LAZER BEAMS
I have the brash enthusiasm of an amateur and the body of a tyrannosauroid !
SWEET
Hey , who are you talking to ?
No - one ! About - about nothing !
Really ? Because it sounded like you were planning to STEAL THE PROTOTYPE KILOGRAM FROM ITS HOME NEAR PARIS , FRANCE .
Ha ha ! Nope ! I'd have to be GOD HIMSELF to pull of THAT impressive caper ! !
T - REX I JUST STOLE THE KILOGRAM IT IS MY GREATEST HEIST
Hee hee ! That's it for SCIENCE , bitches !
I REPLACED IT WITH SOME STICKS OF DISCOUNT PEPPERONI
So light behaves like both a particle and a wave , right ? And I can hit dudes with particles . Is there nothing stopping me from making a light cannon , which , when fired , throws dudes up against the wall ?
Weaponized photons !
But T - Rex - photons don't have any mass , do they ? If they had mass , wouldn't that mean that walking outside on a sunny day would mean being hit with trillions of tiny bullets , reducing everything to a red , pulpy , well - lit paste ?
But then how do solar sails work ? And photon engines ? Don't they work by photons pushing against things ? HAS SCIENCE FICTION BEEN LYING THROUGH ITS SCIENCE TEETH ?
Maybe even without mass , photons can still exert pressure !
Perhaps ! !
And if solar sails work , THEN SO TOO WILL MY LIGHT CANNON ! I'll just need tons of light
I think you'd need more than the entire output of the sun !
THAT , my friend , would be a pretty sweet cannon slash flash - light . Quick ! To Professor Science's house !

I don't think he's home .
Sure he is . PROFESSOR SCIENCE ! IT'S T - REX , UTAHRAPTOR , AND DROMICEIOMIMUS ! We brought LABCOATS !
Have I TRULY never thrown my hands up in the air , and waved them all around like I just don't care ?
I don't see what the big deal about it is ! I BARELY feel funkier .
I feel a little funkier .
I guess I feel a little funkier . A LITTLE .
Man , you weren't even doing it right ! !
Oh yeah ? Says you , Utahraptor !
Says me , T - Rex ! Okay , listen , THIS is how you throw your hands up in the air . And watch closely , because I'm only going to wave them all around like I just don't care ONCE .
I'm watching !
Okay . Here we go !
This reconstruction is ridiculous .
I want to write something that'll make people see the world through fresh eyes ! Something they'll want to pass on to their children !
YOU WANT TO WRITE THE LITTLE PRINCE
BASICALLY .
Except that's been done ! I want something NEW that will touch the heart of everyone , WITHOUT EXCEPTION .
This is the desire authors have , isn't it ? To say something new that is nevertheless eternal ? To really touch people , to change their lives for the better using only their ideas ?
I guess ! I bet some authors just want to tell jokes about dinosaurs though .
That wouldn't be so bad
So - - get to work ! Get to writing !
I can't ! I need INSPIRATION .
Okay , here : take something that's common to everyone , and present it in an empathic , sympathetic light . How about - - letting down someone you love ! We've all done it and I don't think anyone enjoys it . There's pathos there .
Brilliant ! You've really helped me out , Utahraptor !
SOON :
I call my tale , " The Alluring Person with Hidden Greatness ( Just Like You ! ) Who Accidentally Let Down Someone he Loves but then Made Amends and They Kissed : An Action - Packed Tale of the Star Wars Universe , But Afterwards They Visit The Enterprise and Bender Is There "
It's neat how most of our key verbs are just one syllable long ! I think that verbs we use a lot change to short words with time , since if they did NOT , it would take a real long time to say all the run - of - the - mill thoughts we have !
We'd get bored each time we'd try to talk !
Sex ! Love ! Hate ! BONE . All are rad AND short verbs ! I bet you could use just short WORDS and find it to be not that hard of a trick !
You might end up with an odd phrase or two , though , since you'd have to steer clear of all 'ing' verbs .
Well , that verb form is for chumps ! I said it ! That verb form is for true chumps .
Do you have some sort of proof for this " short means key " view ?
In fact I do !
There's a set store of short words , right ? A hoard , if you will . If we used all the short word forms for weird and rare verbs , like , I don't know , " to eat a lot of pork " , then it would take a long time to share a thought that did not come down to " Dudes ! I want to eat pigs ! "
Come on ! That's not a proof !
I have one word for you , my friend !
Yes ?
Daaaaaaaaaamn
Why can't I say two things at the same time ? I've tried just now and all I got out of it was a passport stamped for FAILURE TOWNE .
FAILURE TOWNE IS ITS OWN INDEPENDENT NATION HUH
Apparently , dude !
But saying a word is just generating a sound wave , right ? I could record myself twice saying different things , and then superimpose their waves to get a new one ! Then all I'd need to do is train myself to produce THAT wave and it would sound like I'm saying two things at once ! I could even do it by rote . Then when people ask me to do things I could say " yes " and " no " at the same time , and then they'd probably dislike me a little .
I think we've got physical limitations to prevent this !
Balderdash !
You're just saying that because you've never seen it done , dear friend ! But I'm gonna do it . I'm gonna figure out how to shape my tongue and mouth and vocal cords to generate the appropriate waveform , and then I'm gonna TRAVEL THE WORLD , saying two things at once .
Okay !
THE LITTLE VOICE IN T - REX'S HEAD :
Hey , T - Rex !
T - Rex !
You would actually prefer to stay at home and renew old friendships
COMICS WITH SUDDEN CHANGES IN GENDER
What a nice day to go out and do manly things .
Maybe I'll flip some cars with my male genitals !
SUDDENLY !
I'm a chick ! Hah hah hah !
Luckily , I can still do the the things I want , because gender can inform , but does not dictate , personality and self .
That is true !
So now you're a woman ?
Genderly speaking !
SUDDENLY !
Wait , now I'm a man again ! Hah hah hah !
Does everyone laugh like an evil , mustacho - twirling genius when they change gender ?
Yep , watch this .
Excuse me , person across the street ? You're a woman now !
Hah hah hah ! FOOLS !
COMICS WITH SUDDEN CHANGES IN GENDER
What a nice day to go out and do manly things .
Maybe I'll flip some cars with my male genitals !
SUDDENLY !
I'm a chick ! Hah hah hah !
Luckily , I can still do the the things I want , because gender can inform , but does not dictate , personality and self .
That is true !
So now you're a woman ?
Genderly speaking !
SUDDENLY !
Wait , now I'm a man again ! Hah hah hah !
Does everyone laugh like an evil , mustacho - twirling genius when they change gender ?
Yep , watch this .
Excuse me , person across the street ? You're a woman now !
Hah hah hah ! FOOLS !
T - REX I'LL WAGER YOU EVERYTHING COULD BE MADE BETTER WITH A DIFFERENT NAME
FOR EXAMPLE MMORPGS COULD BE REFERRED TO AS FIRM AND SEXY SAUCE
ON ACCOUNT OF HOW THEY ARE ALREADY THAT
I got it , yeah !
But come on , how are MMORPGS " firm and sexy sauce " ? They're clearly less " firm and sexy " and more " online role playing games that charge by the month and never end " .
MMM
WHAT COULD BE SEXIER THAN THAT
Alright ! ! I'm done with this conversation !
Done with which conversation , T - Rex ?
Done with talking to the Devil ! SO DONE .
We were talking about naming things , which was fine , actually , but then he used THAT to segue into what turns him on . I don't want to know that ! That's gross and unwarranted .
You know what turns me on ?
NO ! AND I DON'T WANT TO .
watermelons
HAPPY " TELL YOUR BEST FRIEND WHAT TURNS YOU ON " DAY
the holiday for people with Not Enough Problems
I have perfected and bottled INSPIRATION ! Take a swig ! You'll feel INSPIRED .
BOTTLED INSPIRATION COMICS
So - it's a perfume called " Inspiration " and you drink it , for some reason ?
No . No , it's nothing like that . It's actual bottled inspiration ! I came up with it when I chemically and accidentally created just a little inspiration , and when I drank that , I was inspired to create more ! There's a whole pool full of it back at my house . You can drown in it .
So what's in it , T - Rex ?
SECRETS ! And chemicals . A mix of both , I guess .
I'm just a LITTLE hesitant to drink something you mixed up at home , especially when you don't know anything about chemistry .
Whatever , dude ! I know enough to come up with ingestible inspiration ! It tastes like SUCCESS .
T - REX I CHECKED OUT YOUR POOL AND IT'S JUST REGULAR WATER WITH GOLF BALLS FLOATING IN IT
That's inspiring ! I'm inspired !
YOU DRANK GOLF BALLS
Critical mass rides are when a hundred or more cyclists get together and go on a bike ride ! They take over a lane of traffic and get to set their pace . The motto and politics are " we don't block traffic , we are traffic ! "
It's good times , if you're not in a car !
I find it encouraging when I see a bunch of bikes taking over a road and just going on their way . The noise of traffic is replaced by the softer sound of spokes and gears . It's pretty neat !
But what about important vehicles , like ambulances and so on ?
Oh , they still pull over to let those through . They just don't let cars merge in with the bikes because it's DANGEROUS .
But T - Rex , is it not ENTIRELY TRUE that these rides are illegal ?
Depends on who you ask , dude !
And where you live , I suppose . I don't know ! I know I like to ride bikes , and I believe they're as entitled to the road as cars . The end !
Alright then !
Well !
You wanna get sandwiches ?
LATER : A CRITICAL MASS FOR CANNIBALS :
Wow . Look at all those cannibals on bikes !
WE DON'T BLOCK TRAFFIC WE ARE TRAFFIC T - REX
That is technically true , cannibals !
T - REX HAVE YOU ACQUIRED ANY NEW VIDEO GAME CONSOLES OF LATE
Nope !
THAT IS A COLOSSALLY STAGGERING DISAPPOINTMENT
Man , you're the Devil & # 8212 ; buy your own video games ! You must have " Hellbux & # 8482 ; " or something !
YES BUT DUE TO CONTINUED FISCAL MISMANAGEMENT I HAVE FEW REMAINING HELLBUX AND CAN ONLY AFFORD TO EMULATE CLASSIC GAMES ON MY CLASSIC COMPUTER
I HAVE AN ABUNDANCE OF SNES ROMS
ALSO
FREE TIME
Okay ! Good to know !
SO CAN YOU BUY A CONSOLE AND THEN I CAN COME OVER
Aw , come on . No !
No what ?
I CAN ASSURE YOU OF GOOD TIMES AND FURTHER OF MY PROCURING OF BRAND - NAME POTATO CHIPS
One sec , Utahraptor . FINE . If I ever get a new video game console you can come over and play video games on it . ONCE .
Sweet !
SWEET
LATER :
T - REX THIS INTELLIVISION IS OLDER THAN MY GRANDMOTHER
You have a grandmother ? ! How does that fit into Judeo - Christian normative beliefs ?
IT IS GOING TO BE A SURPRISE
I have the best idea ! SELLING HUGS . It is a recipe for Instant Profits ! The lonely will pay me three dollars for the Squeezy Special !
All I need is a female business partner , Dromiceiomimus !
THAT'S on account of how some people want a woman - hug , and that is one hug I can't provide on my own .
Well , thanks T - Rex , but I already have a job ! Also I don't wanna hug people for money .
You have a job ? ? What do you do ?
T - Rex . I'm a nautical engineer .
Dromiceiomimus is a nautical engineer ? !
She does all my all my nautical engineering , dude !
What's the matter ? Are you shocked a SHOCKED that a woman could be an engineer ?
No , of course not ! I'm just shocked that she could become an engineer and I knew nothing about it ! I guess I don't know her as well as I though . I must be a crappy friend ?
THIS COMIC IS DEDICATED TO MY FRIEND SARAH
TURNS OUT SHE'S A NAUTICAL ENGINEER ?
Would the dude who is TRULY sick please raise the roof ?
OH WAIT . It's me ! !
T - Rex , I don't mean to be inconsiderate , but shouldn't you be in bed ? You're the only person I know who goes out of his way to ANNOUNCE his sickness to the world .
What ? I do not . Today is an aberration !
Do you want me to tell you every time you've been sick over the past year ? Because I'll do it !
A bluff !
" Oh yeah ? You had a cold in November . "
I've got a cold !
It's November !
" And in April , your 'Kissing Fever' lasted five days before it finally broke . "
The only cure for Kissing Fever is . . . a little tongue ?
Yeah , you keep making that joke .
It's symptomatic of the Fever .
Other symptoms include the skin of my back flaking off in great big sheets .
DISGUSTED ? It could happen to you ! Remember my warning well , Utahraptor ! You too , Dromiceiomimus ! YOU TOO , Danni , The Intriguingly Sexy Woman Who Is Only Seen In Flashbacks !
'Sup
NANITE COMICS
Nanites are tiny robots ! They're SO TINY that they can robotically mess with things at the molecular level .
Pretty darned sweet , my friends !
The dream is that you could pour a vial of nanites on your bed and they'd transform it at the " nano " level into a better bed , or a big ol' pile of tasty burgers ! You could eliminate hunger , dispose of waste , and so on . The only downside is that the nanites could malfunction , reproduce without check , and reduce all life to a featureless grey goo .
Or to burgers .
OR to burgers .
I thought there were issues with the " grey goo " scenario being impossible ?
Maybe ?
I AM probably confusing science fiction nanites with real nanites . But one thing we can all agree on is that nanites are pretty neat .
Can we also all agree that if there was a superhero who could shrink really small , he should be called " The Manite " ?
YES WE CAN .
MEANWHILE , IN THE FUTURE :
It's Nanite versus Manite ! Two titans battling for dominance of my affections !
i'm a tiny robot
i'm a tiny dude
GUYS , I KNOW .
George Mallory and Andrew Irvine were the two British dudes who first tried to climb Mount Everest !
THE STORY OF GEORGE MALLORY AND ANDREW IRVINE ( INCREDIBLE TRUE PART )
Their last sighting was just a few hundred metres from the summit . They never made it back ! A STANDARD MOUNTAINEERING TALE , except that if they had made it to the top , they'd have been the first , AND they were carrying cameras . If we could find the frozen cameras we could still retrieve images from them today , and then we'd know if they actually did make it to the top , since who climbs Mount Everest and doesn't take a picture ? NOBODY , that's who .
Didn't other climbers find the bodies ?
Only one !
Mallory's body was found 75 years later , but no cameras were on him . Irvine's body is still up there somewhere , maybe with the cameras !
Wow . There's something so spooky and sad about their bodies being frozen like that . It's like a treasure hunt with a perfectly preserved corpse at the end .
WILD SPECULATION PART :
Could all " mountaineering accidents " be the handiwork of a lone , crazed murderer , loose about the peak ? IT COULD BE TRUE ! ! If so , no - one has survived their encounter with the pushy " Everest Eliminator " and lived to tell the tale .
That's ridiculous !
No . That's MURDER .
T - REX AND UTAHRAPTOR ARE GOING TO CLIMB MOUNT EVEREST :
Sure are ! How hard could it be ? It's just like climbing stairs , only longer !
And if I stay too long at the top of the stairs , I'll die !
Are you guys serious about this ? I know that Everest has become touristy lately , but I didn't know they let just anyone climb it !
They sure do . We're going STRAIGHT TO THE TOP , baby ! We'll see if the deadly Everest Eliminator exists or not . SOME claim he's a wacky murderer who pushes people off the peak when they're least expecting it ! Others say that's stupid .
That's not why we're going !
We're going Because It's There . And also Because We Won Free Tickets From The Radio . Also because hired sherpas will do most of the work .
Well , I'M going because it's there AND to prove that there's no murderer called the Everest Eliminator at the top .
FINE .
LATER , BACK AT SEA LEVEL :
The Everest Eliminator is actually a pretty nice guy , huh ?
He only tried to pus me a li'l !
SO YOU GUYS SERIOUSLY CLIMBED MOUNT EVEREST THE TALLEST MOUNTAIN IN THE WORLD HUH
Yep !
HOW WAS IT
. . . Tall ?
T - REX THAT IS THE WORST ANSWER THAT HAS EVER BEEN GIVEN TO THAT QUESTION
I SAY THIS AS GOD AND TRULY WITHOUT HYPERBOLE
Whatever , man ! It WAS tall . It was also cold ! It was cold , and tall .
I'M WRITING THIS DOWN SO I CAN PUT OUT A NEW BIBLE CALLED " BIBLE 2 : GUESS WHAT ? T - REX BLOWS AT DESCRIBING MOUNTAINS
Aw , MAN
What's up ?
God's gonna put out a new Bible in which he makes fun of my powers of TAUTOLOGICAL DESCRIPTION
Sometimes , my friend , you have problems that I really don't know how to help you with .
It's okay ! You tried !
T - REX I MIGHT INSTEAD CALL IT " BIBLE ll : GUESS WHAT ? GOD RULES THE SCHOOLS AT EATIN' SLOPPY JOES "
Do - do you actually rule the schools at eating Sloppy Joes though ?
LET ME TELL YOU T - REX
IT'S THE NEW GOOD NEWS
T - REX BIBLE II IS OUT NOW
I'm not buying one !
IT IS CHOCK FULL OF TWIST ENDINGS
PLURAL
TWIST ENDINGS
Dude ! I'm not buying a book where you insult me !
I DON'T INSULT YOU I JUST JOSH YOU A LITTLE COME ON I EVEN DEDICATED THE BOOK TO YOU
You - you dedicated BIBLE II to me ? I'm not sure how I feel about that .
WELL OKAY HONESTLY IT'S ACTUALLY DEDICATED TO MY TRANSCRIBERS
THEY DO GOOD WORK
WELL
OKAY WORK
ACTUALLY THEY ALL KIND OF SUCK
FINE , give me a copy !
A copy of what ?
A BIT LATER
And I'm not evern sure how he got it published ! One passage reads " rhumba thumba , farts and shoes : I want y'all to be nice to yous . " Because of how dumb it is , I can never forget that sentence .
I , too , will take it to my grave .
T - REX I SHOULD HAVE STOPPED AT BIBLE II BUT INSTEAD I'M WORKING ON BIBLE III WHICH IS A PREQUEL TAKING PLACE IN THE UNIVERSE BEFORE THIS ONE
what happened to it ?
IT WAS FULL OF WIENERS DUDE
REPRISE COMICS
today's reprise :
YESTERDAY'S " BIBLE II " COMIC
FROM DROMICEIOMIMUS'S PERSPECTIVE !
You - you dedicated BIBLE II to me ? I'm not sure how I feel about that .
I didn't ! DID I ? ?
the end !
FROM GOD'S PERSPECTIVE !
I SURE HOPE THEY'RE NOT MAKING FUN OF MY BIBLE II RIGHT NOW
OR AT LEAST NOT MY FAVOURITE PASSAGE WHICH READS IN PART " THOU SHALT NOT STEAL , OKAY , OKAY , LET'S HEAR IT FOR THE U ! S ! A ! "
SO AWESOME
FROM MORRIS'S PERSPECTIVE !
oh shucks i dunno t - rex i think that maybe one bible is just enough for me , since i never even read the first one ! i tried really hard twice , two times , but the words were so big and i was so small and i thought " how am i gonna get all those big words into my head ? " so it was real confusing , a real pickle , you know ? but then my mom came home and it turned out that i didn't even have a bible ! i had a cookbook under my pillow the whole time , and all i memorized was how to cook professional enchiladas
Oh , Morris !
I just realized that no women have ever been to the moon ! ONLY DUDES . DUDES WHO RETURNED AS MEN .
Apparently , you need a sausage to get on the moon !
Wait - that's actually correct , isn't it ? The moon totally IS an old boys' club !
Yep ! I know we're being sensationalistic here , since there's only been thirteen people on the moon EVER , and that's a pretty small sample size . But still ! No women ! No grandmothers ! NO SULLEN TEENS ( FEMALE ) . Just men !
Also : no asians ?
Is there a reason why all the Apollo missions were crewed by dudes ?
Um , it was the 60s ?
I guess ! And I guess you could make an argument for " sexy is distracting , ON THE MOON . " But sexy is distracting everywhere ! You know ?
I suppose this legacy of sexism will be with us until we , as a people , finally return to the moon with chicks .
SOON :
Excuse me , sir ! Would you like to buy a button that reads " RETURN TO THE MOON AND DON'T FORGET THE CHICKS THIS TIME " ?
Will this button TRULY change the world ?
It may , sir !
I just can't get enough of this one song ( The Beach Boys : Help Me Rhonda ) ! I think I'll play it on repeat for 49 minutes .
49 MINUTES LATER :
One more time ! !
120 MINUTES LATER :
PLEASE , T - Rex , play a different song . I can hear it from here , and I've been able to hear it from here for the past 20 minutes .
I had to turn up the tunes because I was going outside ! I don't have a " boom box " or similar portable music device .
such as the ipod shuffle
10 MINUTES LATER :
What the hell , T - Rex ! What's with the noise ?
It's my new favorite song !
Listen , T - Rex ! We're all tired of hearing the Beach Boys asking Rhonda for help .
FINE . I'll play a different song .
Just turn it down ! Everyone within 100 metres can hear it . If you don't I'll call the cops , for serious .
SOMEONE ELSE CALLS THE COPS FIRST :
Hello cops !
Hey T - Rex !
Am I going to jail , cops ?
Probably , dude
Oh my God , I had the best sleep last night . The best sleep ever . It was - it was such a good sleep . Easily , EASILY the best sleep of my life .
Therefore , it's all downhill from here .
No sleep could possibly compare with my sleep from last night ! Even in the sleep of death I will be all , " this sleep is pretty good ; but man , that OTHER sleep I had ? It was rad . It was so RAD . "
I will spend all my time being dead remembering that sleep . How could I not ? This was a sleep for ages .
Hey , are you still going on about that sleep ?
SURE AM , sweetcheeks !
Wait , what ? ? Sweetcheeks ? I'm sorry , I don't know where that came from . I don't normally call people " sweetcheeks " .
It's alright ! My cheeks ARE pretty sweet . Maybe they just got the better of you sugarbuns .
HAPPY " CALL PEOPLE 'SWEETCHEEKS' " DAY
THE HOLIDAY FOR PEOPLE WHO SLEPT REALLY WELL LAST NIGHT ?
GUESS WHAT'S COMING UP SOON ? Chinese New Year !
Hooray for Chinese New Year !
HOORAY
It is a great time to go out and watch fireworks and dragon shows and also eat dim sum until you explode . Did you know , Dromiceiomimus that Chinese New Year starts on the first day of the new year with a new moon ? So it's defined by both the sun AND the moon ! We're all like , ? hey guys , let's define our calendar based on the sun ? and the Chinese are all ? hey guys , I bet we could use the moon too to show THOSE guys ? , and they so did !
Also , I like Chinese New Year because it suggests the delightful Chinese Christmas .
No it doesn't !
Man , you had all these interesting true facts , and then you throw in the made up holiday of ? Chinese Christmas ? .
Also , Chinese Queen Victoria Day !
THERE IS NO CHINESE QUEEN VICTORIA .
BUT WILL THERE BE ? LET'S VISIT THE FUTURE AND FIND OUT !
BEEP BEEP I AM A ROBOT .
DO I HAVE A SOUL
WAIT , THIS ISN'T THE FUTURE AT ALL ! ! THIS IS JUST T - REX BEING A JERK !
GUESS WHAT'S COMING UP SOON ? Chinese New Year !
Hooray for Chinese New Year !
HOORAY
It is a great time to go out and watch fireworks and dragon shows and also eat dim sum until you explode . Did you know , Dromiceiomimus that Chinese New Year starts on the first day of the new year with a new moon ? So it's defined by both the sun AND the moon ! We're all like , ? hey guys , let's define our calendar based on the sun ? and the Chinese are all ? hey guys , I bet we could use the moon too to show THOSE guys ? , and they so did !
Also , I like Chinese New Year because it suggests the delightful Chinese Christmas .
No it doesn't !
Man , you had all these interesting true facts , and then you throw in the made up holiday of ? Chinese Christmas ? .
Also , Chinese Queen Victoria Day !
THERE IS NO CHINESE QUEEN VICTORIA .
BUT WILL THERE BE ? LET'S VISIT THE FUTURE AND FIND OUT !
BEEP BEEP I AM A ROBOT .
DO I HAVE A SOUL
WAIT , THIS ISN'T THE FUTURE AT ALL ! ! THIS IS JUST T - REX BEING A JERK !
A new lunar year , and guess who's still not married ?
THE ANSWER IS ME
Daaaaaaaaaaaaamn !
* the end *
* POSTSCRIPT *
T - Rex , you sure have been saying " damn " a lot lately !
Daaamn !
See ? Like right there ! Dromiceiomimus and I were talking about staging an intervention .
Daaaaaamn !
You're not making this easy on us !
Daaaaaaaaaamn !
We're going to try electro - shock therapy .
DAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAMN !
HOW TO GET MARRIED
a comic for people who are way into getting married
If you want to get married then first you need to find a mate ! You need to find a LIFE PARTNER .
Once you have that partner , then ALL YOU HAVE TO DO is commit to them for the rest of your life , and they to you ! It's really that easy ! It's like buying a Game Boy , opening it up , and then saying , " Yes , this is enough . I will never get tired of Tetris . "
ALSO , the Game Boy loves you back .
Aaand you're not allowed to loan the Game Boy out to friends unless you and the Game Boy talk about it first .
I really don't see why you're forcing a Game Boy into this , T - Rex !
Utahraptor ! It's an analogy .
Yeah , but it's ridiculous ! This is you : " Marriage is like Game Boys , only you marry the Game Boys . "
Yes , that is a fair and accurate impression of me and my awesome desription of marriage .
But don't you see ? By casting marriage in terms of Game Boys , I make it seem accessible , fun , affordable , and sexy !
Game Boys are like 15 years old !
THEY ARE 18 YEARS OLD THIS YEAR FOR YOUR INFORMATION
ALSO WHAT THE HELL DID I JUST SAY
I was going to write a science fiction story , but then I stopped . I realized I don't know what science fiction , as a genre , means !
Seriously ! I had some DOUBTS .
If I was writing a western I could go on and on about order versus freedom , civilization versus the wilderness , the hero as a man stuck between these two worlds , and so on ! But what's science fiction about ? Is it just literature with space ships and robots and casually inverted flux variance ? Aliens stopped being parallels for The Other long ago , didn't they ?
Why are you worried about this , T - Rex ? It's just a genre label !
So ?
So - it's something that's applied to your work after it's completed . Unless you want to write specifically to a generic form , you don't have to worry about it !
My other problem is I don't have a plotline either .
Man ! Why not write a story about a cat then . You like cats .
T - REX READS HIS STORY , CALLED " FUTURE T - REX AND THE CAT " , TO MORRIS :
Once upon a time there was a cat . He was obese .
I saw him on the bus !
booooooo
Poker sure seems to be popular lately ! Does the road to financial independence TRULY pass through Gambling Towne , USA ?
THE ANSWER IS NO
There's one way to find out !
YOU'RE NOT LISTENING T - REX I DON'T WANT TO SEE YOU RUINED DUE TO HILARIOUSLY SUCKY POKER PLAYING
Yeah but , you can lose at lotteries because it's just chance , right ? But in poker , you can bluff ! IN THEORY , I can bluff my way into the annals of poker history AND the annals of " neighbours with suspicious amounts of disposable income " , ALL AT THE SAME TIME . All I need is a good poker face !
And , you know , skills at poker !
What ? I've got mad skills at poker !
I believe , canonically , the minimum skill set is knowing when to hold them , as well as being aware of the proper time at which to fold them .
That is advice for people WITHOUT the ultimate poker face . Check this out .
poooooker
YES , THIS IS T - REX'S POKER FACE . HE MAKES EYE CONTACT , SMILES , AND WHISPERS " POOOOOKER "
I've doubled my money !
RIGHT ON
I guess I've been pretty lucky to get this far without making any big , life - altering mistakes . I think the biggest mistake I ever made was mixing up some juice from concentrate that had a ladybug in it !
MISTAKE COMICS
Eww ! How did that ever happen !
I was experimenting with mixing juice with a blender , and I guess there was a ladybug in the blender ? ALL I KNOW is that when the blender turned off and the smoke cleared , my hitherto delicious juice had clearly - identifiable ladybug pieces floating on top . I recall saying " Aw man ! My JUICE ! "
So - did you drink the juice !
No ! Of course not !
But that's not what I wanted to talk about . I wanted to talk about how one bad decision can totally change your life , you know ? Lost limbs , broken friendships , unexpected pregnancies with someone you don't really like : stuff like that .
I woulda thought you'd drink the juice .
FINE . It was the worst juice , everyone . IT had guts in it !
The essential problem with Superman , as a character , is that he's too powerful and incorruptible . He's a walking deus ex machina ! You give him a foe he can't beat , and all he has to do is TRY HARDER , and then he beats the guy .
What I'm saying is that this is not truly satisfying !
The way to make Supes interesting is to put him up against a problem that he can't fix by punching someone through a building ! Put him in a situation where , say , everyone he loves starts dying of a disease that he can't detect or cure , passing away in his arms , one by one . At the end he's left as the sole survivor of the doomed planet Earth , six billion dead - only this time , he had a chance to stop the disaster , and he FAILED .
That's a terrible story , T - Rex !
It's modern , AND dark !
Yeah , and it destroys the character ! Superman is a symbol of hope , and you have him basically standing up and shouting " HOPE IS USELESS AGAINST A SUPERIOR FOE " and then everyone Earth dies .
I bet if Superman were real he'd like my story . He'd say to me , " That was a SUPER interesting story , T - Rex ! "
MEANWHILE , IN THE UNIVERSE WHERE SUPERMAN IS REAL !
Superman ! If I jump off this building will you save me ?
Don't jump off that building !
Will you save me though ?
I'm just gonna jump real quick , okay ?
T - REX TODAY IS THE DAY FOR TOTAL EMOTIONAL HONESTY
Nopers ! !
TODAY is the day of continuing to leave certain emotions unstated AND / OR ignored !
This is because total honesty has the power to DESTROY relationships ! FOR EXAMPLE , Dromiceiomimus , if we're in a committed monogamous relationship , I don't want my friend or even a random dude coming up to you and saying how he loves you more than anything and how he could never admit it until now ! I want him to suffer in silence . For the greater good !
Is he hot ?
You're privileging your happiness over his !
No ! I'm just looking at TOTAL happiness .
My girlfriend and I are in love , and my friend and I are happy . This equals 15 happiness points , 10 for love and 5 for friendship .
Okay .
But if he confesses love to her , I'm now UNhappy with my friend , and we're down 5 HP ! Forget THAT noise .
I think you're just setting up this point system so that it supports you and your lady friend staying together !
UTAHRAPTOR STAY AWAY FROM MY GIRLFRIEND
WHEN I GET ONE
HER NAME WILL BE " SAMANTHA " ; IT IS A PRETTY NAME
Alright ! Time for me to meet a nice woman named Samantha , as per my prediction of yesterday ! I will romance her until she no longer desires further romancin' . The romancin' will be mutual .
ROMANCIN' COMICS
T - Rex , you're my friend and I respect you , but you're not really ROMANTIC . Romance requires emotional swagger and sensitivity , but you've inured yourself to all but the most amusing of feelings , you know ? You just attract through other means .
What ? ! I can be romantic ! !
Hold on a sec ; I'll get you some chocolates and diamonds .
That's not really romance , T - Rex !
Chocolates plus diamonds equals romance , dude !
The GESTURE is what's romantic : the chocolate and diamonds are just the instantiation of the gesture . Without any meaning behind it , the chocolates are just tasty times !
Well , UTAHRAPTOR , you're going to have to take THAT up with TV , print and radio commercials , who disagree !
Hello there , consumer ! Did you know that a diamond is FOREVER , just like the love between two people with finite lifespans ?
'Kay ! I 'll see you kids later !
ALTERNATE HISTORY COMICS
Oh goodness , do I love alternate histories . What would the world be like if Nazis won World War II ?
I know ! Let's watch a movie to find out !
I think what I like is the fun of going back and finding one event and just flipping it , then reasonably tracing the changes up to the present . It really can be an intellectual exercise ! I also like how alternate histories imply that each of our daily actions could have TIMELINE - ALTERING CONSEQUENCES .
Well , not ALL of our actions , T - Rex ! Just the big ones .
Perhaps . . .
But , Utahraptor . . . perhaps NOT !
O - Okay .
Now , if you'll excuse me , I'M going to change all our tomorrows . Farewell !
T - REX TELL ME WHAT YOU'RE PLANNING TO DO AND I'LL TELL YOU HOW IT AFFECTS THE FUTURE
I'm writing a story in which I eat a lot of sandwiches ! Then I'm gonna ACTUALLY eat a lot of sandwiches .
OKAY
I WANT SOME
I have a pretty good knowledge of my closest friends . I know their likes and dislikes and can predict how they'd react in most situations !
I have constructed nothing less than FRIEND SIMULATORS in my very mind !
It's pretty great , Dromiceiomimus ! Sometimes I'll ask myself " What's Utahraptor probably doing this weekend ? " or " What would Dromiceiomimus do if she found out I ate all these chicken legs ? " and I use my friend simulators to asnwer these questions .
I guess that's true for me too ! Also , I'd ask you if those chicken legs made you happy .
they didn't
So what's your Utahraptor simulator like ?
Like you !
He fills in when you're not around or when it'd be ridiculous to ask you what you thought of something . He also tells me what you want for your birthday . What's your T - Rex simulator like ?
He's um - he's okay !
UTAHRAPTOR'S T - REX SIMULATOR :
booooooooooooooners
Maybe today is the day I meet the love of my life , but ONLY if I go to the supermarket , because that's where she is !
I should get some friggin' groceries !
BUT - maybe she's NOT at the grocery store . Maybe she's nearby , and by going to the grocery store , I'd miss her and we'd never meet ! Maybe I'm sabotaging my future RIGHT NOW as I speak !
MAYBE YOU ARE , T - REX
The point is that if you've only got one " true love " in the world , then the odds of meeting her are super small .
I thought we decided " true love " could apply to more than one person !
Oh , we did !
But THEN I realized I can probably love one lady more than another . Rank them by happiness and you've got my best match , my " true love " , right at the top !
But that depends on knowledge you could never have ! It just means that you'll be paranoid you're not full potential happy with your sweetie .
Full - potential happy , eh ? Hmm !
I've got a robot suit AND a girlfriend !
Is she nice ?
she's alright
Okay ! I am going to write a story and it will be something BRAND NEW . It will be the most staggeringly original story ever . It will feature action and characters that COULD NEVER HAVE BEEN CONCEIVED BY ANYONE BUT ME .
T - REX AND HIS STORY , " TUGGY THE TUGBOAT TUGS . . . IN SPACE "
Don't people say that there's only 10 or so stories , and all narratives are just variations on these themes ?
I call shenanigans on that ! ! What are these 10 basic stories then ?
Um , okay - boy meets girl , girl meets boy , boy meets boy , girl meets girl , boy meets . . . plant . . .
THAT ONE IS NOT A REAL STORY .
I think what Dromiceiomimus is saying is that there are forms !
Ridiculous !
All that means is that if you boil the story down to its most superficial aspect then , YEAH , you can connect it to " Terminator II " . But then you might as well treat EVERY story as a sequel , prequel , or rewrite of " Terminator II " !
I might as well !
SOON :
Hamlet is Shakespeare's most disappointing Terminator sequel yet .
It's an okay story , but as a Terminator sequel , it profoundly disappoints on every conceivable level !
Back to my amazing story , & # 8220 ; Tuqqy the Tugboat Tugs . . . In Space ! & # 8221 ; It & # 8217 ; s about a NON - ANTHROPOMORPHIZED tugboat who tugs , in space . His windshield does not double as eyes . Tugboats are not like that .
In any case , one day a killer asteroid is discovered headed straight for Earth !
Tuggy & # 8217 ; s our only chance & # 8212 ; our last , best hope for survival . All of our tomorrows ride on the non - anthropomorphic shoulders of one Tuggy T . Tugboat , in space ! Will he be able to do it ? Will he be able to save us all and become our greatest hero ?
I don & # 8217 ; t get why you keep insisting Tuggy isn & # 8217 ; t anthropomorphized , but you live him volition . Is he a robot tugboat or something ?
He is just a regular tugboat , Dromiceiomimus .
So what & # 8217 ; s he doing in space ?
Character development
No , I mean , how does a tugboat end up in orbit ? Your readers will want to know this ! How does he move ? Are his compartments pressurized ?
Look at you , Mr . & # 8220 ; I can & # 8217 ; t suspend my disbelief for a SPACE TUGBOAT named & # 8216 ; Tuggy & # 8217 ; & # 8221 ; ! He moves by pushing against the aether , okay ?
Well look at YOU , Mr . & # 8220 ; I write a book about a tugboat that employs superseded scientific theories for locomotion & # 8221 ; !
Yes ! Look at me ! Look at me and buy my story and find out if Tuggy saves us all !
The answer is Yes
Okay , so nobody has bought my Tuggy story . THIS IS THEIR LOSS . Tuggy and I don't mind . Instead I will give them another story , about a superhero ! A superhero called . . .
. . . Spoiler Alert !
That's her name : Spoiler Alert . When she shows up the bad guys yell " Spoiler Alert " to warn each other ! Also when people type it online it means they just saw her run by as they were typing ; they wanted to share . Tada !
Shouldn't they type " Spoiler Alert Alert " ?
They shorten because they're alarmed .
It doesn't really seem like your heart is in this story , my friend !
Oh , it's true !
I want Tuggy T . Tugboat to be my great success ! Spoiler Alert just feels so COMMERCIAL , you know ?
I think you've got a long way to go before people accuse you of being too commercial , T - Rex .
Aww . Thanks , Utahraptor !
But Spoiler Alert wears a flapper swimsuit when she ruins endings . She can't help but make me money !
Those old - timey swimsuits that had like , hats and boots and stuff ?
They're what every man desires but cannot express !
Different kinds of sexuality .
Everyone knows about hetero - , homo - , a - and bi - sexuals . They are OLD HAT . Here are some wxciting new sexualities !
Pansexual :
You are attracted to everything ever . Sweet ! Good luck , dude or lady !
Autosexual :
It's where you only like yourself . You sure must be something' else !
But then what do you call someone who " doesn't just read Auto Trader for the articles " ?
FINE . They can be called " autosexual " and people who only like themselves will be " solosexuals " .
But THEN what if they really like fictional Star Wars pilots ?
Metasexual :
" We are having sex righth now ! "
" This knowledge arouses me ! "
Cirkumsexual :
You go in circles around things or something ! I don't know !
What kind of circles ?
Sexual kinds of circles !
Hydrosexual :
You're sexy . . . at sea ? Okay ! I'm done !
Kilosexual :
I'm DONE .
Slowmo - sexual :
That one's crazy !
Today is Pi Day ! That means you get to eat pie at 1 : 59 PM , or 1 : 59 AM if you're up . I don't know .
I feel a profound disconnect with this holiday !
I get that it's celebrating the UNIVERSAL CONSTANT PI , and that it's celebrated today because 3 . 14159 can be translated into Mach 14th , 1 : 59 . But what makes pi so special ? Why don't we celebrate Euler's Number day on . . . February 71st ?
Some people celebrate " Pi Approximation Day " on July 22nd , which is 22 / 7 .
Hah ! Now THAT is a holiday I can get behind !
What ? You're all down on Pi Day but you can get behind an approximation of it ?
Sure can , dude !
It's a holiday for people who are GOOD ENOUGH , just not transcendental ! They do their best ! They get by alright in most situations - just don't try to build a bridge with them , you know ?
It celebrates failure ?
Not failure , Utahraptor ! Approximations of success !
On July 22 instead of eating pie , I'm just going to sort of rub pie around my face and call it a day !
Good luck with that .
Failure is just success rounded down , my friend !
What I miss is scenes in movies where people would be yelling at each other , and then they'd both stop , stare at each other for a beat , and then they'd be making out ! WHY DOES THAT NOT HAPPEN ANYMORE ? It was awesome !
( It was seriously awesome ! )
And time was it was a necessary feature of every great movie - just like car chases are today ! You could go into a theatre and be GUARANTEED the slap across the face / smooch on the lips combo , SOMETIMES even before the opening credits were over . It was good times ! I like the car chases , of course , but I miss the nuance of the old topos . Great actors would bring such subtlety to the face slap - such pathos to the ensuing makeouts !
I missed the " car chases are necessary in every great movie today " memo !
Necessary AND sufficient !
And like I said , they're fantastic , but they don't lend themselves to the smooches . Today's actors COULD yell at each other and then make out during a car chase , but they never do .
Never ?
Well , I keep waiting .
THE ULTIMATE MOVIE :
You're a bastard !
No , YOU'RE a bastard !
* smooch smooch smooch *
Wait , I need to focus on the road !
When I die , I want to be buried in a bog . I want to become a bog person !
ARE YOU SURE THAT'S A GOOD IDEA
Sure am !
The acidic and anaerobic bog water will preserve and tan my soft tissues , while dissolving the calcium in my bones ! The end result is that thousands of years later , someone will find my body , still posed as I requested it , just a little floppy because there's no skeleton holding me up . THIS IS HOW I WANNA SPEND ETERNITY . Also , posed giving a Fonzie - style double thumbs up and holding a sign that says " Dudes , What's Shakin' . "
Will the sign be preserved ?
Probably ! If not , we can make it out of soft tissues .
So you want to die and be posed holding a sign MADE OUT OF SKIN , and all the sign says is " Dudes , What's Shakin' " and there's not even a question mark .
It'll give future historians something to talk about ! They will say , " Wow ! Who was this incredible man ? "
" Why was he so concerned with what was shakin' with the dudes ? "
" Is that what killed him ? "
Anachronism is when you have technology being used before it was invented ! It happens whenever Shakespeare listens to his MP3s .
LITERARY TECHNIQUE COMICS
today's technique : ANACHRONISM
Ah , anachronism ! It can also happen by accident , like when an author forgets that people didn't write with ballpoint pens 100 years ago or that elves didn't have friggin' computers . Sometimes if it's a really obvious error it can be played for comedy .
It is an advanced literary technique used by only our most handsome authors !
So when someone has a time machine , is that anachronism ?
Unfortunately , no !
Time machines are a special case . If there is a time machine in the story then a lot of anachronism can be explained by the time machine , and is thus NO LONGER ANACHRONISM .
I like that this is the one literary technique that has allowances for time travel .
Yeah . It's the best .
MEANWHILE , IN TUDOR ENGLAND !
Shakespeare ! Are you listening to your MP3s again ? !
so what if i am
Anthropomorphism is when you have things that normally can't talk walking around and behaving like people ! It happens whenever a toaster flips you off .
LITERARY TECHNIQUE COMICS
today's technique : ANTHROPOMORPHISM
Anthropomorphism is often used in childrens' stories where you have talking animals , but can also be used in more adult works ! This is because occasionally adults enjoy it when a cat is sassy . Sometimes , a character will be anthropomorphized by mistake , like when you write a play and accidentally attribute dialogue to a ceiling tile . The ceiling tile is said to be " anthropomorphized " if the oversight is not corrected in a timely fashion .
We all know what anthropomorphism is , dude !
Aw man , really ?
Yep ! We've actually talked about it before , remember ? But - you know , thanks for the reminder !
Well , you're welcome ! Anytime you need anthropomorphism explained , just drop me a line .
Gotcha .
MEANWHILE , IN TUDOR ENGLAND !
Shakespeare , are you flipping off your toaster again ? It's 3 AM !
he started it ! !
Allusion is a reference to a person , place , or thing in a piece of literature ! Like when Picard mentions Moby Dick in Star Trek : First Contact ?
LITERARY TECHNIQUE COMICS
today's technique :
ALLUSION
Allusions are pretty handy because they allow you to summarize potentially complex ideas with one succinct reference , essentially piggybacking on the brilliance of previously established works ! HOWEVER , if the audience isn't familiar with the reference , the alluson fails and can seem weird or out - of - place .
Just like Oliver Brackenbury ! !
Hah hah hah !
You sure have been summarizing literary techniques a lot lately !
Sure have ! !
Well - what's going on in your life beyond that ? What's new ? What's shakin' with the dude ?
Um - I kinda realized that I'd like to have children one day ? But I need to have a girlfriend for that first .
Aren't you and Dromi . . . ?
MEANWHILE , IN TUDOR ENGLAND !
Shakespeare , you should write a story where elephants get to be our pals !
i'm working on macbeth OKAY T - REX
What's the matter , William ? TOO CHICKEN TO WORK IT IN ? ?
nobody calls me chicken
In CONCLUSION , anachronism , anthropomorphism and allusion are the only three literary techniques ! There aren't any others . Okay there were some others but they died .
LITERARY TECHNIQUE COMICS
today's technique :
ALL THE REST
But what about foreshadowing ? Denouement ? SYNECDOCHE ?
All dead ! Today's readers yawn in the face of foreshadowing ! They wince when seeing ANY events that occur after the climax ! They throw up a little when a part is used to represent the whole ! You can tell when that's happened because you'll go to the library and hear " Synedoche ? ! bleggh "
That's ridiculous ! People use synecdoche all the time .
People throw up all the time too !
COINCIDENCE , UTAHRAPTOR ? ? Or something more ?
You're seriously saying that specific writing techniques can reliably induce a physiological reaction .
I GUESS I AM . Let me just check with an actual doctor real quick though .
NEXT WEEK : T - REX MEETS THE MOST ATTRACTIVE MEDICAL PROFESSIONAL EVER IN TIME !
Can you check my eyes next , Doctor ?
Why ?
I think there's something wrong with my pupils - since they've turned into cartoon hearts ! !
I've decided that if I ever get to travel back in time , AGAIN , I'm going to the Battle of Salamis , in which the Greeks beat the Persians , turning the tide in their war which led tot he eventual Greek victory !
It has been described as the single most important battle in history !
This is because had the Greeks lost , then so too would the early idea of democracy been denied its initial flourishing , which could have affected all of western civilization ! Seeing how influential western civilization has been on the world , if I am a dude who wants to make WILD UNPREDICTABLE CHANGES to the history of time , this seems like the place and time to do it !
And are you a dude who wants to make wild unpredictable changes to the history of time ?
I don't know ! Maybe !
It might be cool to just watch the battle , but it ALSO might be cool to go back and cold start stepping on butterflies like CRAZY , Then come back to the present and be all , " oh snap ! My bathroom is now teal ! "
That IS how time travellers tend to roll !
THAT EVENING , PERSIANS AND GREEKS FROM 480 BC VISIT T - REX !
Don't travel back in time to bother us , T - Rex !
Wow ! Where'd you guys pick up English ?
grocery store
Mom you're not allowed to read this okay ? If you know how to stop mom from reading my profile please contact me ASAP ! !
Member Name : T - Rex
i meant to write t - sex there but it won't let me change it
Hello ladies ! My name is T - Rex . I am a rad dude with a rad 'tude ! I hope you were wanting to hear about my 'tude today because you just did ! !
Here is a picture of me with my friend Dromiceiomimus . We dated and are still really close ! I hope you are cool with that . SHE IS A VERY IMPORTANT PERSON IN MY LIFE . I HOPE YOU ARE STILL COOL WITH THAT . I WILL CALL HER SOMETIMES .
Here are pics of me and my friends . Wait the thing said I have to fill these out ! In my bedroom you will find : UNPARALLELED PLEASURE ? ?
More about what I'm looking for : i want to die in a bog .
no , it's NOT okay to contact this member about extra - marital affairs
THE NEXT MORNING :
What ? Zero replies ? ?
But my clock is ticking
Zero replies on my awesome personal ad ! Maybe it was TOO awesome ? Maybe . . . maybe there was a spelling mistake ?
Man ! I'll never have kids at this rate !
Aww ! You want kids , T - Rex ? They'd be cute !
I don't know - maybe ! But it would be years down the road . The thing is , IF I want kids , I have to meet someone , fall in love , convince her to fall in love with me , etc . , and then get married and then have children and MAN , that can be a long process . I need to start planning now if I want children in the next 10 years ! I need to start HEDGING MY BETS .
You could have kids out of wedlock with some random woman !
Always an option , my friend !
But if I want to build a family in the classical way - and I'm not sure that I do , but I might in the future - I need to get on that now !
Perhaps , rather than trying to hedge bets for all possible futures , you should just figure out what you really want !
LATER :
Oh , nevermind ! There really WAS a spelling mistake .
No wonder all the sexy babes were turned off !
Sheesh , T - Rex !
Who owes me money ? Utahraptor owes me money !
Homeboy owes me 30 bucks !
Dromiceiomimus , does Utahraptor owe YOU any money ? Because he owes me 30 bucks and I was thinking , if he owes you money too , maybe we could team up and get him to pay .
No T - Rex , nobody owes me money ! I keep money and friendship separate .
Utahraptor keeps money and FRIENDS separate ! My money and ME ( the friend ) , that is ! !
I don't owe you any money , T - Rex !
You owe me 30 clams ! 30 BUCKAZOIDS .
Man , YOU owe ME 12 dollars ! We were at the grocery store and you REALLY wanted to get those stupid fish sticks shaped like Jane Austen , remember ?
Hah hah , yeah , I remember those ! They were insane ! !
They tasted like chalk , but looked like Jane Austen ! Fishstick Austen ! !
" Jane Austen's Fishytime Bites " , yeah , I was there .
It turns out that's all I ever wanted in a mealtime treat !
People don't want traditional ! They want NEW and SEXY . If people wanted traditional we'd all be driving around on Model T horses or whatever .
With that in mind , I have started a new religion : Buddhism 2 !
Buddhism 2 is like Buddhism , but bigger , badder , and better than ever . If you liked the four noble truths , you'll LOVE that we've doubled them up , giving you eight sexy new truths to choose from ! And if you believe suffering is caused by desire , well then GET READY TO SUFFER , because we've taken Nirvana and kicked it up to the max . You won't believe your eyes !
Wow , you can write bad copy like nobody's business !
Thanks , man !
Buddhism 2 ALSO includes the startling revelation that Buddha had a daughter . Wow ! She's the slim and sexy new smilin' face of Buddhism , now in a tiny red bikini ! Would you like to know more ?
No thanks ! I make it a rule not to join religions started by my friends or peer group .
Later : T - Rex gets visited by a gang of Buddhists :
Stop making crappy sequels to our religion !
Buddhists ! Are you interested in trading up to a religion with SIXTEEN COLLECTIBLE CUPS ?
A little .
I mean NO .
Is there any conceivable better form of music than out - of - genre cover songs ? The answer is no ! The FULL answer is " No , there is nothing better ! I love them all SO MUCH ! I can never take this back . "
T - REX LOVES OUT - OF - GENRE COVER SONGS
they're great
They're great because say you love a particular hip hop song , but wouldn't you love it EVEN MORE if it was an opera ? Yes , you would ! Also , wouldn't you love arias ten times better as gangsta rap songs ? Here again , the answer is yes . I don't know why all music is apparently produced originally in the wrong genre as the one nature intended , but I accept it , and thank those artists bold enough to see beyond the limits of generic form !
Isn't it just the novelty of it that appeals to you though ?
That's part of it , true !
I like the feeling of looking in on an alternate universe : that sense of familiarity , altered but recognizable . But even without it , some are just really great songs that stand on their own !
Let's listen to one ! Give me your absolute favourite .
SOON :
This is the theme song to Cheers , played on steel drums and - what is that , a theremin ?
It's the song I hear in my head whenever I close my eyes !
COMICS FOR HETEROSEXUAL WOMEN
today's comic
HOW TO PLEASE A MAN
Ladies ! Pleasing a man is EASY !
Here are some simple sexy secrets to pleasing your man !
Men love a woman who remembers his birthday . Try remembering your man's birthday , and them when the big day comes , tell him you hope he has a good time , because he deserves it !
That IS a good tip !
It works on all men who have been born .
: Here's one : try being nice to him , even if you're having a bad day !
Solid !
Finally , experiment with remembering your man's interests ! That way , when a gift is called for , you can look for one that dovetails nicely with his interests . He won't forget it !
Wow ! I personally don't see how and relationship can fail with these sure - fire tips .
I agree ! I would say that if the relationship is failing despite these tips , then you and your man may have insurmountable , fundamental differences , even if you love each other more than you can say . Nothing is meant to last forever ladies !
Anyway !
Food for thought !
COMICS FOR HETEROSEXUAL MEN
today's comic :
DUDES ! I TOTALLY GAVE THE CHICKS SOME TIPS
Dudes : that is correct !
I have used my " in " with the ladies to spread around some tips !
I told them that we like birthdays and cool presents and when they are nice . Now chicks will know what we like ! I know there are some men out there who would have preferred I'd given more SALACIOUS tips , like " how to please man in the milieu of the bed - room " , but that is ridiculous . Here is how you please a man in the milieu of the bed - room : I DUNNO , MAYBE SEXUAL INTERCOURSE WILL DO THE TRICK ? ?
Man , that's reverse sexism !
Nope , just regular sexism !
Okay but still , it's spreading the idea that all men care about is sex and that they're unable or unwilling to distinguish between sex good and bad .
It's a joke that plays off gender stereotypes ! Here , I'll prove it via the scientific method . . . OF ASKING RANDOM MEN WHAT THEY THINK !
Excuse me ! Male pedestrians ?
What's up ?
Would you say you can distinguish between good and bad sex ?
HECK no ! We're terrible at that !
me in particular ! !
Wait a minute ! WAIT JUST A MINUTE .
Fruits are INSANE !
I plant a banana tree and I come back a while later and it's transformed dirt into bananas . Fruit is just - congealed sunlight and dirt ! That's CRAZY Dromiceiomimus ! How do plants do it ? I wouldn't know where to even start transforming sun and dirt into bananas . I would be TOTALLY LOST .
You can transform complex carbohydrates into kinetic energy .
What if I want bananas though ?
You already had this realization , T - rex !
Aw man , I did ?
Yeah , last year ! You were impressed by strawberries , if I recall .
I guess I should've put " impressed by fruit " on my new BUSINESS CARDS , huh ?
You have business cards ?
There was a sale ?
416 - 595
yes ple
BEING TOPLESS
BEING TOPLESS
I have a brilliant idea for revenging myself against TV's Kelsey Grammer . Oh yes .
THE REVENGE OF T - REX
All I have to do is put out a major motion picture and include in it a brilliant role for Kelsey . It will be a dazzling , moving role , but will also play to his type as a smart yet sassy older man . It'll be a role that screams " Kelsey Grammer " : a touchstone that defines a generation - and a career . I'll even name the character " Kelsey G " ! THEN , I'm gonna just go ahead and give it to somebody else . SORRY , KELSEY ! TOO BAD FOR YOU THERE , HUH ?
What'd Kelsey ever do to you , T - Rex ?
Nothing ! He seems like a nice guy !
Ah , so this is a " just in case " revenge plan . For Kelsey Grammer .
Yep .
Listen , it's good to be prepared .
BACKSTORY : T - REX HAS TRIED TO START FEUDS WITH KELSEY GRAMMER BEFORE , BUT KEEPS LOSING HIS NERVE .
Hello , Kelsey Grammer ?
Yes ?
Kelsey ! We're on speakphone !
. . . I think your voice is a wonderful gift !
The opposite of solipsism ( where you believe you are the only real person who is imagining a universe ) is antisolipsism , in which you believe everyone is real except you ! I may have just made this up . Anyway !
You believe you're totally fake !
You're just a sustained figment of everyone else's imagination . The only issue with THAT is how everyone is imagining the same dude at the same time so well .
Perhaps they're imagining different things , but whenever anyone imagines you , they also imagine you up a whole universe , history , and consistent sense of self !
Perhaps !
Or perhaps it's just one person doing the imagining !
Yes !
If you buy into solipsism , then what are the odds you're the chosen one ? Maybe there's some actual solipsist who really IS the only real thing going , and they're imagining everything for you , even when you're not around . What a card , huh ? What a crazy dude !
That's what I'm saying !
If you believe one person can imagine a universe , you have to believe they can imagine your thoughts too , and then you've got no reason to believe you're real !
Let's go tell a solipsist , and then punch him , and then say " Stop imagining punching yourself ! "
Then : ice cream !
Similar to antisolipsism but ACTUALLY REAL is the Cotard Delusion , in which the person affected believes they have died .
So it goes !
The condition was first identified over 100 years ago . This is UNFORTUNATE , because it was identified before the proper nomenclature was in place . It should've been called : I Think I Might Be A Zombieitis . "
That's a little disrespectful , plus , that don't hunger for living flesh .
'I Think I Might Be A Zombie Who's Fullitis " .
That is , I think , even more disrespectful .
What are the symptoms beyond that ?
Oh , what you'd expect , really .
A disconnect with life , a sense of emotional and physiological flatness which may be a symptom or a cause of the disorder . It's very rare , but one that I imagine is quite upsetting for everyone involved . Sometimes the person affected won't eat .
Creepy !
Yep ! This continues a theme in my life of being terrified of all that can go wrong with my brain . Hey , you wanna invent a way to transform our minds into something non - physical so that we can live safely forever ?
Sure !
RADICAL .
Panpsychism is the belief that everything in the universe has consciousness - not just chicks and dudes , but even inorganic matter like steel ! Even the stinky ol' sofa that nobody likes because it stinks when you sit on it .
DUDE THROW OUT THE SOFA
I hear you , man !
Anyway , it doesn't necessarily claim that drywall spends its time writing poems about , you know , DRYWALL STUFF - it only claims that there are some elements of sentience in everything . When you boil water it might be enjoying it , that's all . Or , it might be writhing in pain , screaming for mercy with a mouth that now speaks only with a scalding voice of steam .
Yikes !
Some panpsychists go further than that though !
Oh yeah ?
Yeah : at the extreme , you have panpsychists who believe that the entire universe possesses a single mind , and that everything , including us , is a part of it .
I can see the appeal of that ! Though you'd kinda have to wonder what the universe is thinking about .
MEANWHILE , IN THE MIND OF THE ENTIRE UNIVERSE :
I am going to draw a mental picture of all the dudes who need to throw out their sofas . OH LOOK , LOOK ! IT'S ONLY ONE DUDE ! NOW I'M GONNA IMAGINE HIM SAYING SOMETHING EMBARRASSING
I have issues with physical intimacy !
Hah hah ! AWESOME
I don't like it when something bad happens . Well , IN PARTICULAR , I don't like it when something bad happens and people say that " there's a reason " for it happening !
It turns bad things into a value proposition !
I'm all for optimism and for comforting people , so it's not TERRIBLE , but I've always read the phrase as saying " you're sad because you got a raw deal , but ACTUALLY things will be better in the future because of this event , so you're coming out on top ! " It seems very - capitalistic , I guess ? Like I would want to be comforted by being told that , despite appearances , I'm actually a savvy businessman ?
I think the phrase is more to try to find sense to a senseless loss , T - Rex .
I guess .
And I get that it's meant to comfort , and I respect that ! I just don't like how it implies I'm sad because of a bad deal . I'm sad for the loss , you know ?
What brought this on ? Have you suffered any losses lately ?
Just one . . . !
EARLIER :
God , where the heck are my socks ? ! I can't find any of my socks .
THINGS HAPPEN FOR A REASON T - REX
Hey , God ?
SOCKS PLEASE
There sure are a lot of songs about dancing ! I have probably heard at LEAST three hundred songs about dancing .
ACTUALLY YOU'VE HEARD 1365 SONGS ABOUT DANCING
Aww , you counted !
So why is music so reflexive ? There aren't tons of paintings about PAINTING , for example . Or plays and / or movies about sitting and watching a play and / or movie , for that matter !
Actually T - Rex , that's not really true , and plus that's not really a fair comparison . Dancing is something you do in response to music ! There are lots of paintings , films and plays that really ARE about your response to them .
Well ! SO MUCH FOR THAT FUNNY RANT .
Looks like !
Wait , this can still be salvaged ! Utahraptor , you know what I dislike ? PEOPLE AT THE GROCERY STORE WHO TAKE A LONG TIME AT THE CASH , FOR VARIOUS REASONS ! !
Yep !
They , um - they sure could be faster , is what I'm sayin' .
Dear mental diary : everyone here sucks . Maybe I should take my act to the grocery store !
Depressive realism is the theory that depressed people have a more accurate view of the world than the non depressed . It started when psychologists experimented with some regular chicks and dudes AND some depressed chicks and dudes .
That's how these things always start ! !
Anyway , they put them in a room with a button and a lightbulb . The light turned on and off regardless of when the button was pressed , and the participants who were depressed were more likely to conclude that they weren't in control of the light ! The non - depressed people DELUDED THEMSELVES into thinking they had more influence . The popular conclusion was that depressed people saw things more realistically !
That's a pretty strong conclusion !
Sure is !
And it turns out that the effect only shows up in specific trivial situations ! But it's a popular idea . I think some people just like the idea that depression might be an advantage !
ESPECIALLY depressed people .
But not TOO much , because then they wouldn't be depressed anymore !
AT THE PARK :
Excuse me , sir , you look depressed ! Would you say you have a more accurate view of the world ?
I'm not depressed ! I'm just eating a sandwich .
A sandwich . . . made out of your own tears ? ?
HOW DID YOU KNOW
It occurs to me that I've never written a love poem ! I'm a romantic guy - how hard can it be ? I can probably conjure up unfathomable depths of soul - felt emotion like THAT . For instance , here is " I just got kissed . . . on the lips ! "
Woo !
Okay , okay , check this out , Dromiceiomimus : " You are so beautiful to me , and I want to tell you just how much I love you / I was born to love you / Let's never stop falling in love / Love hurts / But / I would do anything for love " .
Those are all plagiarized song lyrics ! Except for " but " , but there's probably a song called " But " .
Okay ! Okay , try two !
Less plagiarism this time !
" Tainted Love / Ohh / Tainted Love / Also , Baby Love "
That's terrible ! If I was your girlfriend I would break up with you just for that poem . Also , it's still plagiarized .
Utahraptor , I am the worst at love poems .
Okay , I'm trying really hard this time .
" Baby ! / I love you / And if you don't believe that / then what the Hell "
Man ! Even I'D dump me right now !
Okay , so I can't write love poetry . That's fine . There are plenty of dudes who will write it for me . But I can PROBABLY write a pretty kick - ass SHERLOCK HOLMES story !
I will call it , " Sherlock Holmes and the Case of the Mummy's Curse ! "
In it , Holmes and Watson will come across a Mummy who has a curse , and then there will be a mystery involving the curse . Did the Mummy really kill from BEYOND THE GRAVE ? Let's ask Sherlock ; I'll bet he knows .
Sherlock Holmes will solve the case using deduction , Dromiceiomimus .
This is just a regular detective story ! It's more Hardy Boys than Sherlock Holmes !
Truly outrageous !
Seriously , man ! Sherlock's character is defined in dozens of stories and then in like a billion fanfiction sequels . He's got more personality traits than " good at detection , " and if you don't acknowledge that , why call him " Holmes " in the first place ?
BECAUSE NOBODY WILL READ MY STORY OTHERWISE ? ?
T - Rex , it is I , Sherlock Holmes ! I deduced an elementary way to become real , just to ask you to stop writing your story !
Sherlock Holmes ! ! Can you describe me as " the Napoleon of RHYME " ?
I can but try !
Okay okay - so there's been a lot of people born , right ? In the history of time there are a lot of people who have been born . So the question is , are there enough people in the world that I could write out a story . . .
. . . and reasonably expect it to have already been LIVED OUT in real life ?
Let's assume narratives can be reduced to yes / no decisions , and on average real people make a yes / no decision every 15 seconds . Two people are needed to cover each option for every decision ! So after - um , 33 decisions , we've got more people needed than are alive now , and we're only eight minutes into our story . It is a stories - in - real - life disaster !
BUT , if I wrote a story about the first eight minutes of a baby's life , ODDS ARE someone has lived it !
Not really !
You're assuming that for each decision , every person takes a separate route , but the vast majority of babies are doing the same thing : crying and then being confused .
I guess the odds of my writing a story and having it be what ACTUALLY HAPPENED to some dude are pretty low , huh .
SEE THIS IS WHAT I TOLD YOU T - REX JUST BECAUSE YOU WROTE IT DOESN'T MEAN THERE'S SOMEONE WHO IS SUPERMAN AND " JUST DOESN'T KNOW IT YET "
i thought maybe it could be me
Here are some jokes about horses . Why do horses like waterskiing ?
I DON'T KNOW WHY T - REX
Um . . . because they're horses !
T - REX THAT'S HORSE RACIST
What ? !
How is it racist ? Nobody thinks that horses are super waterskiers .
NOT YET YOU ARE MAKING UP NEW RACISM
FINE . Here's a non - racist horse joke : why do horses like to waterski ? The answer is " I don't know , but it's definitely NOT because they're horses . "
" They probably have their reasons . "
Man , what do you have against horses ?
NOTHING ! I like horses !
Some of my best friends are horses . That's why I can make horse jokes ! They know I'm just kidding . They know that when I say " why the long face " I don't actually think all horses have long faces .
They do though .
Shh ! We're not supposed to notice !
Computer , freeze program .
HORSES , Geordi ? Seriously ?
Everyone loves horses , Captain .
I - I hope you have a horsey birthday
T - REX HAS A HOUSEGUEST :
Sure do ! I have a friend who is visiting from INTERNET . He's pretty rad ! But there is a problem . . .
He walks on my damn carpets with his damn shoes on !
Who does that ? He's PROBABLY getting dirt all over the carpets like nobody's business !
Well , have you asked him to stop , T - Rex ?
I didn't want to seem uptight about it ! It's something he should know by now , right ? But now it's quickly becoming a Thing .
I um , I capitalized the 'T' there , but there's no way you could know .
So ask him to stop now !
I can't !
NOW whenever I see him do it I get REALLY cheezed off about it , much more than , you know , footwear on a fuzzy floor should warrant . I've let it get so under my skin that I can't trust my reactions anymore ! Can - can YOU ask him not to ?
No way ! You're an adult ; you deal with this .
T - Rex ! What if , INSTEAD of dealing with this , you simply bought new carpets after he left ? Yes ! You can solve your emotional problems just by SPENDING MONEY !
Wow ! No wonder people like capitalism so much !
Foreshadowing is when you hint at what's about to happen next in a story ! It happens whenever a character announces " BOY I SURE HOPE THERE ARE NO EXPLOSIONS ON THE NEXT PAGE ! ! " just before he gets blown up !
In an EXPLOSION !
LITERARY TECHNIQUES COMICS
today's technique : FORESHADOWING
Foreshadowing's great , because sometimes people want to know what happens in a story before it actually happens . In situations like this , an author might write " Jenn realized that she was about to blast into space . Or WAS she ? ? You'd better keep reading , huh ? " There , foreshadowing both hinted at the future of the story , AND encouraged the reader to keep reading . This is an extremely canonical use of foreshadowing .
So doubt's important to foreshadowing ?
Absolutely !
If you simply say " Jenn realized that she was about to blast into space ! Seconds later , she blasted into space ! " that is not foreshadowing . That is just outstanding space storytelling .
I think it's still foreshadowing .
Yeah ? Well maybe we'll see what SHAKESPEARE has to say . . . !
MEANWHILE , IN TUDOR ENGLAND !
Shakespeare , is it still foreshadowing if it's about a woman who's DEFINITELY blasting into space ?
i dunno . . . yes ?
Shakespeare ! The correct answer is " no ! "
Pull yourself together , Shakespeare !
MAYBE I am a little uptight about my carpets . Some dudes are probably raised to shoe - walk on carpets all the time , and I guess it kind of makes sense , since they ARE on the floor .
I wonder what things would be like if I were less uptight about carpets !
T - REX'S FANTASY SEQUENCE
You know what Dromiceiomimus ? ANYONE can walk on my carpets , I seriously don't mind !
Can I walk on your carpets ?
Heck yes ! Lets go do that thing right now ! I LIVE for this sort of thing !
Hey , are we off to walk on your carpets ? !
WE SURE ARE . Don't forget you dirty - ass shoes !
I'm really looking forward to this !
Me too ! It's all I want out of life ! !
Daaaaamn !
END OF T - REX'S FANTASY SEQUENCE .
HEY DID YOU KNOW I CAN SEE YOUR DREAMS T - REX
Oh wow ! I think it's SO AWESOME that you'll spy on my dreams but you wont approve my friend request on Facebook Dot Com ! !
UH
DO IT RIGHT NOW
T - REX IS ON THE PHONE :
It's Patrick ! He bought life insurance !
BUT THERE'S NO TIME FOR THAT NOW !
Gotta go , Patrick !
THE REASON THERE'S NO TIME FOR THAT NOW IS THAT TODAY IS DROMICEIOMIMUS' BIRTHDAY ! SHE IS STILL AS AWESOME AS THE DAY SHE WAS BORN .
Dromiceiomimus , happy birthday ! You are still entriely excellent .
Aww , thank you T - Rex ! Are you coming out tonight ?
I sure am , and I'll YOU then !
UTAHRAPTOR IS COMING TOO :
Wait up for me !
THEY ARE GOING TO PICK HER UP A PRESENT FOR HER BIRTHDAY . THEY THOUGHT THEY COULD GET HER A VEGETABLE STEAMER BECAUSE SHE'S MENTIONED HOW SHE COULD USE ONE , BUT NOT THEY BOTH WANT TO GET SOMETHING A LITTLE MORE PERSONAL . YOU CAN'T HEAR THEM BUT THAT'S WHAT'S GOING DOWN .
THEY DECIDE ON THE STEAM BUT FEEL BAD , EVEN THOUGH DROMICEIOMIMUS SAID SHE LOVED IT . THIS MALAISE LINGERS FOR A FEW DAYS .
I wonder If I Talk Like This , If People Will Still Be My Friends ?
ANYWAY T - REX IS HANDLING IT WELL .
Futurism was an art movement where dudes were all " CARS ARE COOL AND THE PAST IS FOR CHUMPS . LET'S DRAW SOME CARS . "
FUTURISM COMICS
But they also extended beyond art , to food ! Futurists had a MANIFESTO for food . It banned the knife and fork and pasta , AND told people that sardines and pineapples together were tasty times ! They banned pasta because it caused skepticism ?
Was the food good ?
Maybe ? But it wasn't very popular .
People were more into the art !
Yep !
They didn't want to have to eat their food under UV lamps which " activated " it , nor did they want to give up pasta . It's crazy ! The movement started in Italy , and I believe people canonically eat pasta there all the time ! Like , even for breakfast ?
I believe that to be Italian Canon , yes .
I got my ideas about Italy from cartoons !
I got mine from boxes of pasta !
Hallowe'en is coming up ! Soon ! Soonish , anyway . Hallowe'en is coming up in several months . I'm probably going as a pretty pretty princess . Anyway .
I'm writing a Hallowe'en story ! A spooky story called " The Haunted Nun Who Dies ! "
She lives in a haunted house , and then she dies ?
No no , the ghost haunts her . Like a house ? And then she dies and the ghost dies too so it's like , Russian nesting doll ghosts . This happens several times over the course of the narrative , so by the end , there's so many ghosts - within - ghosts that the only possible response is ULTIMATE TERROR .
I'm not terrified !
Perhaps not yet !
But you're not realizing what I've unlocked here ! I'm the first ever to realize that if one ghost is scary , then nested ghosts increase fright LINEARLY while maintaining a fixed surface area ! It is the most terror possible per cubic foot !
I GUESS that's true .
THE BOOK'S A HIT ! BUT . . . WHAT TO DO FOR A SEQUEL ? ?
Easy ! I've mad all the ghosts ghosts of ZOMBIES and WEREWOLVES and VAMPYRES and MUMMIES , and then they all haunt the body of Frankenstein !
OR IS THAT TOO MUCH TERROR FOR THE PRINTED WORD ? ?
Hallowe'en is coming up ! Soon ! Soonish , anyway . Hallowe'en is coming up in several months . I'm probably going as a pretty pretty princess . Anyway .
I'm writing a Hallowe'en story ! A spooky story called " The Haunted Nun Who Dies ! "
She lives in a haunted house , and then she dies ?
No no , the ghost haunts her . Like a house ? And then she dies and the ghost dies too so it's like , Russian nesting doll ghosts . This happens several times over the course of the narrative , so by the end , there's so many ghosts - within - ghosts that the only possible response is ULTIMATE TERROR .
I'm not terrified !
Perhaps not yet !
But you're not realizing what I've unlocked here ! I'm the first ever to realize that if one ghost is scary , then nested ghosts increase fright LINEARLY while maintaining a fixed surface area ! It is the most terror possible per cubic foot !
I GUESS that's true .
THE BOOK'S A HIT ! BUT . . . WHAT TO DO FOR A SEQUEL ? ?
Easy ! I've mad all the ghosts ghosts of ZOMBIES and WEREWOLVES and VAMPYRES and MUMMIES , and then they all haunt the body of Frankenstein !
OR IS THAT TOO MUCH TERROR FOR THE PRINTED WORD ? ?
T - REX , HAVE YOU EVER TASTED YOUR OWN BODY ?
No I have not PLEASE don't tell me what it's like , PLEASE .
IT'S PRETTY NEAT !
IT'S LIKE LICKING A MIRROR
. . . and THAT'S the reason why I came over here ! My neighbors are hella unsettling !
But you have tasted your own body ! I'm sure you've licked your fingers before .
Okay YEAH but I'm pretty sure they meant tasting the INSIDE .
You're tasting your own saliva right now ! That's your body !
That's not what they meant !
How do you know ? Maybe they weren't talking about self - cannibalism , and just wanted to know if you liked your own saliva !
Argh !
OKAY . MAYBE THEY DID . But that's still freaky ! They're freaky animals and you should admit it .
I won't !
I WILL T - REX
THOSE ANIMALS FREAK ME RIGHT THE HECK OUT
THE SCARY PART IS THAT I HAD NOTHING TO DO WITH THEIR CREATION
What ? !
YEAH THEY JUST SHOWED UP ONE DAY
STARING
T - REX , HAVE YOU EVER TASTED YOUR OWN BODY ?
No I have not PLEASE don't tell me what it's like , PLEASE .
IT'S PRETTY NEAT !
IT'S LIKE LICKING A MIRROR
. . . and THAT'S the reason why I came over here ! My neighbors are hella unsettling !
But you have tasted your own body ! I'm sure you've licked your fingers before .
Okay YEAH but I'm pretty sure they meant tasting the INSIDE .
You're tasting your own saliva right now ! That's your body !
That's not what they meant !
How do you know ? Maybe they weren't talking about self - cannibalism , and just wanted to know if you liked your own saliva !
Argh !
OKAY . MAYBE THEY DID . But that's still freaky ! They're freaky animals and you should admit it .
I won't !
I WILL T - REX
THOSE ANIMALS FREAK ME RIGHT THE HECK OUT
THE SCARY PART IS THAT I HAD NOTHING TO DO WITH THEIR CREATION
What ? !
YEAH THEY JUST SHOWED UP ONE DAY
STARING
HOW CAN YOU GET MORE PEOPLE READING COMICS T - REX
I don't know , God !
. . . Maybe by making them more awesome ?
THAT'S YOUR ANSWER TO EVERYTHING T - REX BUT COMICS ARE ALREADY EXCEPTIONALLY AWESOME
This is true ! I guess they still have a stigma attached to them , though , you know ? The whole " comics are for emotionally stunted shutins " thing , which , WHILE TRUE , is misleading because comics are for everyone , INCLUDING emotionally stunted shutins ! People just need to focus on the positive .
So your ad campaign would be " Forget stereotypes : comics are rad ! " ?
Maybe !
I was thinking more " You know who reads comics ? HORRIBLE MURDERERS . " and then a picture of a horrible murderer , you know , maybe murderin' something , and THEN , in tiny letters , " and also you , hopefully ! " and then maybe a line drawing of a soggy dog giving a thumbs up .
Wow .
T - REX YOUR CAMPAIGN IS THE WORST AD CAMPAIGN EVER PROPOSED IN THE HISTORY OF TIME
You're just jealous !
DUDE I EVEN CHECKED THE EVIL ALTERNATE UNIVERSES TO MAKE SURE
THEY JUST WANTED TO KNOW HOW YOU SAW THE TV SPOTS GOING
Would I ever want to get married one day ?
I don't know ! Maybe !
I guess I'll burn that bridge when I come to it ?
I do kinda feel like I should ALREADY know the answer to " do you want to get married someday " , you know , Dromiceiomimus ? Its such a big thing - - you're sharing your LIFE with someone ! Until you DIE ! - - that saying " if it happened it'd be nice , but no worries ! " seems - disingenuous ?
I guess ! I know I'd like to get married someday .
I'm not ruling it out !
You're not committing to it either !
I guess love and the artifacts of affection are so played up in our society that by being noncommittal to its ( arguably ) greatest expression , marriage , I avoid tacitly endorsing the commercialization of an emotion and the industry surrounding it !
Perhaps !
Or perhaps I don't want to say " I WANT TO GET MARRIED SOMEDAY " because if I never meet someone then I've FAILED at a life plan . Much better to say " I WANT TO GET INTO A BOAT SOMEDAY " and then just sit in some dude's boat ! IN FACT , I'm going to the docks right now !
LATER , suckers !
Man , what a jerky guy ! I met the jerkiest guy working at the computer store .
T - REX AND THE REALLY JERKY GUY
What made him so jerky , T - Rex ? His haircut ?
Worse than that . He was just so smug about everything ! I wanted to buy some RAM , so that my computer could think harder about things ? But he had this air of - distain , I guess , that went far beyond " aloof store clerk " to " terrible person who made me feel bad about myself for just being alive . " I bought the RAM but now I can barely even enjoy it .
Well , you're done with him now !
I know ! And I won't shop there again .
But this is the power of his jerkiness : it transcends our brief meeting so that now I'm telling all my friends about it ! Argh ! Anyway , I'll get over it .
Okay .
Seriously though ! He was such a jerk !
THAT EVENING , T - REX SEES THE REALLY JERKY GUY AT A RESTAURANT :
Oh my gosh , it's that jerky guy , eating alone . . . and he's picking his nose !
Hah hah hah !
I've NEVER felt better about myself !
T - REX I WAS RECENTLY SPECULATING ON THE PROMISE OF AR AND WAS WONDERING IF YOU COULD REMARK ON THIS MATTER
I don't even know what Ayar is ! Please don't tell me .
IT IS AN ACRONYM FOR AUGMENTED REALITY
Aw man , now I know one more nerd thing ! ! SO MUCH FOR KISSING SUPERMODELS .
I BELIEVE THERE EXIST SUPERMODELS WHO KISS THOSE WHO KNOW THINGS ABOUT AUGMENTED REALITY IN FACT MOST OF THE PROMINENT AR RESEARCHERS ARE MARRIED TO MODELS OF THE SUPER PERSUASION
FINE : Tell me about AR .
RATHER THAN REPLACING THE WORLD YOU MERELY DIGITALLY ENHANCE IT SO YOU HAVE A SHOOTER USING REAL - WORLD ARCHITECTURE AND ONLY THE ENEMIES WOULD BE VIRTUAL
OR while hiking , a giant arrow in the sky could mark your destination ! That'd be awesome !
What's this ?
Augmented reality ! I guess you'd sport semi - transparent glasses and a wearable computer , but it could detect your location and display all sorts of cool things for you to see ! The Devil told me about it ?
Yep , it's sentences like that that make me think you maybe SHOULDN'T tell folks where your ideas come from .
Can we play AR games RIGHT NOW , The Devil ?
UNFORTUNATELY CONSUMER - LEVEL TECHNOLOGY IS YEARS AWAY BUT AS A TIMELESS INCARNATION OF EVIL I WILL STILL BE AROUND TO PLAY IT UPON RELEASE
ROCK
LET'S TALK ABOUT ANT MAN !
I GOT ISSUES WITH THIS GUY
FACTUAL ISSUES .
I FIGURE THERE ARE THREE WAYS HE CAN SHRINK .
HE COULD JUST SHRINK ALL HIS ATOMS , WHICH IS RIDICULOUS . ATOMS CAN'T DO THAT .
HE COULD DECREASE THE SPACE BETWEEN HIS ATOMS , NOT REALLY POSSIBLE EITHER . IT JUST ISN'T .
THE MOST LIKELY WAY HE DOES IT IS BY REDUCING THE AMOUNT OF ATOMS IN HIS BODY .
BUT CHECK IT ! BECAUSE OF THE EXPONENTIALLY SMALLER AMOUNT OF NEURONS IN HIS BRAIN , HE'S REALLY STUPID . MAYBE TOO STUPID TO LIVE . MAYBE NOT , CAUSE HE'S A SCIENTIST .
ANOTHER PROBLEM IS HOW HE BOSSES ANTS AROUND !
ANTS TALK BY RELEASING PHEROMONES INTO THE AIR . I WILL LEAP TO SAY IT'S LIKE IF WE FARTED AT EACH OTHER TO SPEAK !
FART GREETINGS . FART GOODBYES .
FART COMPLEX BUSINESS NEGOTIATIONS .
BUT ANT MAN HAS A HELMET THAT LETS HIM TALK WITH ANTS . I BET IT'S A HELMET JUST FULL O' BAKED BEANS IS WHAT !
HEY T - REX . I MADE IT POSSIBLE FOR ANT MAN TO SHRINK HIS ATOMS AND TALK TO ANTS WITH ENGLISH . JUST NOW . IT WAS TO SPITE YOU .
AW DANG , GOD ! WHY YOU GOTTA DO A THING ?
TO SPITE YOU .
Well , summer is just around the corner -
T - Rex , stop . Just stop . Nothing you say can ever justify that FAKE TAN .
Hey man ! This tan is 100 % totally real ! I've been working out . . . AT THE BEACH .
WORKING OUT TO IMPRESS THE LADIES .
T - Rex , you look like Godzilla now .
Um , thank - you ? Godzilla is pretty cool . The ladies must like Godzilla , although I didn't intend for -
Turn around . Show me your butt . I bet it looks very much like I imagine Godzilla's butt would look .
!
Hey T - Rex , Godzilla called ! He wants his butt back .
. . . N - no he didn't . Calling from Japan would cost a freakin' FORTUNE .
Good point , T - Rex . Shouldn't you be in Japan ? Because , you know . Godzilla went to Japan .
Ok , MAYBE I WILL go to Japan . Screw you guys .
JAPAN
AAAH ! NOT AGAIN !
No worries . I am not Godzilla . It's me , T - Rex !
Hey T - Rex , sweet tan !
Thanks , Japan chicks ! Lets have a beach party !
So you're not going to destroy Tokyo ?
Naw man , not unless this beach party sucks !
In 1922 in southern Saskatchewan lived a young woman , Helen , known as the Eastend Enchantress .
Helen's beauty and talent were comparable to any lass in Hollywood .
But tragedy struck when she fell off a horse and broke her leg .
Gangrene has set in , Helen . I'm afraid . . . I'll . . . I'll have to amputate it .
Okay , doctor .
Soon after she made an announcement .
I will give my hand in marriage to the fellow who creates for me the most lovely yet comfortable fake leg .
One hundred single men went to work .
Carpenters shaped and carved wood .
A newspaper reporter made a leg of paper and wrote upon it a declaration of his devotion .
A blacksmith hammered and fused a gorgeous gam out of iron rods .
Helen carefully tried on all the legs made for her .
Hmm ?
She chose to walk down the aisle with a British Archaeologist who was passing through town .
Underneath her wedding dress was a dinosaur bone the Archaeologist had dug up in the nearby Cypress Hills .
Lately I've been thinking about the role of popular culture references in popular culture !
T - REX IN : HYPERREAL COMICS
I'm getting pretty sick of nostalgic references to things like movies and video games passing for humor and creativity ! People bark like trained seals any time they encounter something they're familiar with !
Heck , there are even subgenres of our culture that exist only to reference other subgenres !
Don't you think you're being kind of overzealous ?
Maybe ! I guess nothing's completely original , but I fear that modern media has become nothing more than a recursive loop with no discernible , objective reality !
It sounds like we're being forced to accept the classical notion that there never was any objective existence in the first place !
To be honest , all I want is a punchline that doesn't rely on reminding me of what I liked when I was 7 !
LATER . . .
Whoops !
Hey is there any way we can get a larger selection of genital down here ? These ones are getting booooring !
I have had it with his infernal bellyaching !
Incurring the wrath of god comix !
How about instead I annihilate your species with a giant piece of rock ?
How about go for it , smart guy ! You made the Earth too perfect ! Sure you can take me out now but in a few million years a new species will develop that'll make you wish i was still around !
But a few million years is just like a few seconds in god - time !
Yup !
Fine ! I'm going to take a bath . I'll be back in five minutes to decide your fate . . .
Ok !
Hey wait ! You forgot something ! Come baaaack ! !
They've come to crush our lovely log cabins ,
What's a good reason for a dinosaur to give when going for a proctologist check ?
Try " Anus sore was wrecked ! "
Superman has given Batman a small supply of kryptonite , so if Superman ever goes CRAZY and starts killing people , Batman can take him down .
This , my friends , is the true meaning of friendship !
Superman trusts Batman with his LIFE .
Can you imagine , Dromiceiomimus ?
It would be like me giving you a gun with bullets that ONLY SHOOT ME , except you're grimmer , and people make gay jokes about you even though come on , Robin is just a ward , and your parents were murdered by a dude named " Joe Chill " of all things , and also you live in a cave .
Also , YOU can shoot lasers with your eyes .
Also that , yes .
So the true meaning of friendship is trusting your BFF to kill you ?
Absolutely !
That's awesome !
Can you imagine having that kind of relationship with someone ?
That kind of trust , but also the dark underscoring of the fact that you know they'll do what's necessary if they have to ?
I guess !
Do - do you want ME to maybe shoot you if you start slappin' folks around ?
THAT NIGHT , T - REX VISITS A RADIO STATION AND INSISTS ON TALKING ABOUT BATMAN :
The thing is , Nora , if knowledge about Batman was profitable , I would be driving around in a pretty fancy rocket car
I've thought of the best story ! Oh goodness . This story will make me RICH . It will make me PRIME MINISTER of being rich . I will be awarded a doctorate in APPLIED RICHOLOGY .
I can only hope the world is ready for it !
So BASICALLY in the story there's all this build up about this kid whose parents named her Crime and how she grows into her name and becomes this big arch - criminal ! The cops are powerless to stop her , even the really really good ones . ESPECIALLY the really really good ones . Anyway it's narrated in the third person and at the end of the book Crime goes out on a few dates with the narrator and then he abruptly stops writing because he's all cheezed at her . The end !
But - why is he all cheezed at her ?
Because he always has to pay for everything !
Get it ? Because CRIME DOESN'T PAY ! ! Listen , my story has both a hilarious twist ending and also an important message regarding the paying of crime .
Dear mental diary that everyone can hear : Utahraptor was so impressed with my book idea that he forgot how to talk !
I didn't forget how to talk ! I just forgot how to shoot down your idea politely !
Utahraptor ! ! DON'T LISTEN TO MY DIARY !
DATING TIPS COMICS
now featuring : tips i found in this one book !
Here are some HOT TIPS FOR FIRST DATES , cats and kittens !
Okay ! The first tip is this : to find out if your date is REALLY into you , all you have to do is push a salt shaker over to their side of the table ! If he's interested in you , he'll pick it up and play with it , but if he's NOT interested , he'll push it back to your side . The salt shaker represents your feelings , here , okay ? And playing with a salt shaker represents ROMANTIC INTENT .
That's stupid ! It's semantically overloading practical actions .
See , I thought so too !
But I just thought I was crazy , because why would someone put out a dating book if all they had were sucky tips that can TOTALLY FAIL if the guy just wants saltier , and therefore tastier , fries ? I could write a better dating book . IN FACT . . . !
Aw no , no , you don't -
MEET SOMEONE WHO DOESN'T SUCK THEN TRY KISSING THEM
A BOOK THAT WAS WRITTEN BY A MAN
DATING TIPS COMICS
now featuring : tips i found in this one book !
Here are some HOT TIPS FOR FIRST DATES , cats and kittens !
Okay ! The first tip is this : to find out if your date is REALLY into you , all you have to do is push a salt shaker over to their side of the table ! If he's interested in you , he'll pick it up and play with it , but if he's NOT interested , he'll push it back to your side . The salt shaker represents your feelings , here , okay ? And playing with a salt shaker represents ROMANTIC INTENT .
That's stupid ! It's semantically overloading practical actions .
See , I thought so too !
But I just thought I was crazy , because why would someone put out a dating book if all they had were sucky tips that can TOTALLY FAIL if the guy just wants saltier , and therefore tastier , fries ? I could write a better dating book . IN FACT . . . !
Aw no , no , you don't -
MEET SOMEONE WHO DOESN'T SUCK THEN TRY KISSING THEM
A BOOK THAT WAS WRITTEN BY A MAN
It's been three days and neither " Life of Crime " nor " Meet Someone who Doesn't Suck " have made me rich . MAYBE I AM NOT THAT GREAT AN AUTHOR ? ?
Or maybe PEOPLE are not that great an audience !
Or maybe you have to wait longer for a book to turn a profit !
Or MAYBE I should be happy that I basically wrote two books in as many days , and got them published in an afternoon , and that's kinda impressive even if they aren't selling that well so far ? ?
Or maybe if they were selling well , you wouldn't know it yet !
THAT'S RIGHT !
Maybe I really am great , just impatient , and when I get home tonight there'll be a sales report in the mail showing how my books are now TEN TIMES MORE POPULAR THAN THE BIBLE . It would make sense , since they have like twenty times as many jokes in them !
Maybe ?
OR MAYBE I JUST DIDN'T PUT MANY JOKES IN THE BIBLE BECAUSE OF TRANSLATION ISSUES .
Hey everyone ! You know what needs more jokes ? ONLY EVERY RELIGIOUS TEXT EVER ! !
AW MAN - NOW WHAT AM I GONNA DO WITH ALL THESE RAISED EXPECTATIONS
Alright ! Time to start some INTERNET BUSINESSES .
For profits !
SOON :
Ladies and gentlemen , I give you : easydudes . com !
It's an easy way for you to meet new dudes ! If you move to a new town and want to meet some dudes then you can go to the site and then you can meet some . On the COMPUTER !
It sounds a little more like a service to hook people up with sexually permissive and sexually available dudes , T - Rex !
Drat ! It DOES . Another brilliant idea ruined by a hilarious double entendre .
SOON :
Okay , so my new idea is to give the homeless access to mail , email , and a phone number !
Nice !
It can be hard for the homeless to get jobs when they can't provide callback information , so this will be a useful service . Good show , T - Rex !
Yes , thank you ! I think the world will be altered positively by BumAccess4All Dot Net .
SOON :
There ! Now I've got a certificate from the mayor that says I'm not allowed to name anything ever !
THAT should finally straighten up some things around here !
Descartes was a dude who wrote " Cogito ergo sum " which means " I think , therefore I am " . PRETTY NEAT , cats and kittens !
But also . . . PRETTY FLAWED ? ?
The whole deal with " I think , therefore I am " is that Descartes is all " DAAAAAAMN , I can't be sure of ANYTHING ! My senses are flawed . All I know for sure is I keep STRESSIN' about this stuff ! " and then his girlfriend is all " If you're so hung up on this then you must exist , huh baby ? " and Descartes is all " Yes . That is true . I will write this down in Latin . "
That is how it went down .
So what's the problem , besides your unnecessary storytelling ?
Descartes' girlfriend !
She's making a huge logical leap ! It's indisputible that thinking is going on , right , but we don't know for sure that Descartes is doing the thinking ! All we know for sure is that thinking is going on .
I agree !
R - Really ?
Yeah ! You can't have thinking in a vacuum , so SOMETHING must exist if there's thinking going on . . .
. . . but to attribute that thinking to yourself just because you're aware of it is an awful big leap for a skeptic to make !
OH MY GOODNESS HOW DID WE JUST DO THAT
Here are some things that DEFINITELY won't fit into my mouth . I tried ! They won't fit .
First off : dog breederies , solar panel processing plants , and giant cubes !
Also : twenty cars on a stick . Sound stages , every library ( individually AND en masse ) , medium - sized cubes that are still pretty big , lakes , beer - flavoured lakes , and beer - flavoured lakes in Minnesota .
I know for a fact that on e of those doesn't exist , T - Rex !
Doesn't exist in my mouth , that is ! ! Because it's too big ?
Not much to talk about today , huh ?
What ? There's plenty to talk about !
It's just , YESTERDAY you had some neat ideas about knowledge and existence , and today you're all " here are some things that don't fit in my big ol' mouth " and your TOTALLY LYING about trying them ; I can tell .
They dovetail together nicely .
I don't see how !
T - REX EXPLAINS :
Ah , that makes perfect sense ! Thanks , T - Rex ! Now I know how digital timers work .
You're welcome !
Now , HERE'S how putting the things in my mouth ties in with existence . . .
Pathetic fallacy is when nature reflects someone's emotions . It happens whenever Shakespeare gets pissed , and then the dude who he's pissed at gets eaten by a bear !
That's not pathetic fallacy ! It's when you give emotions to inanimate objects : " ice wants to float , " and so on . It can also happen when when weather mirrors a character's emotions , like when Shakespeare gets sad , and it starts to rain . I think that's what you meant ?
OR , when Shakespeare gets pissed , and then a bear shows up and eats whoever pissed him off ! ! Hah , looks like YOU pissed off the wrong playwright , dude ! ! He's in with the BEARS ! !
The phrase comes about because of the " pathos " meaning of " pathetic " !
Yes !
And " fallacy " is there because in real life , it doesn't actually rain when I get sad .
Maybe it doesn't happen for you because YOU'RE not a main character ! In the story of life ?
I don't know why you'd say that to me , Utahraptor .
William Shakespeare , if you were pissed off at me , would I REALLY get eaten by a bear ?
i don't even know who you are ! !
Pathetic fallacy is when nature reflects someone's emotions . It happens whenever Shakespeare gets pissed , and then the dude who he's pissed at gets eaten by a bear !
That's not pathetic fallacy ! It's when you give emotions to inanimate objects : " ice wants to float , " and so on . It can also happen when when weather mirrors a character's emotions , like when Shakespeare gets sad , and it starts to rain . I think that's what you meant ?
OR , when Shakespeare gets pissed , and then a bear shows up and eats whoever pissed him off ! ! Hah , looks like YOU pissed off the wrong playwright , dude ! ! He's in with the BEARS ! !
The phrase comes about because of the " pathos " meaning of " pathetic " !
Yes !
And " fallacy " is there because in real life , it doesn't actually rain when I get sad .
Maybe it doesn't happen for you because YOU'RE not a main character ! In the story of life ?
I don't know why you'd say that to me , Utahraptor .
William Shakespeare , if you were pissed off at me , would I REALLY get eaten by a bear ?
i don't even know who you are ! !
COMICS IN WHICH GOD HIMSELF QUOTES WERNER HERZONG .
LIFE IN THE OCEANS MUST BE SHEER HELL
I guess so , huh ?
A VAST MERCILESS HELL OF PERMANENT AND IMMEDIATE DANGER
Yep !
SO MUCH OF A HELL THAT DURING EVOLUTION SOME SPECIES - INCLUDING MAN - CRAWLED - FLED ONTO SOME SMALL CONTINENTS OF SOLID LAND WHERE THE LESSONS OF DARKNESS CONTINUE
That's certainly one way of looking at it , right , Dromiceiomimums ?
the end
COMICS FOR TEENS today's installment : " THE PRIVATE TOOTER "
what do you call a teacher who never passes gas in public ?
What ?
A private tooter !
SECONDS LATER :
That was an extremely hilarious joke that deserved more laughter than it received .
the end .
I went to the optometrist AGAIN last night , and AGAIN she said I might need to get nerd goggles !
( She called them " glasses " but you can tell she was thinking " nerd goggles " ! )
The PROBLEM is that I define myself in terms of not having glasses ! People are always " Oh . You're lookng for T - Rex ? He's the green tyrannosaurus rex over there ! You'll be able to spot him because he's so not wearing glasses . "
Aw , I think you'd look cute in them ! I also think you can turn this around and make glasses your thing , you know ?
SHORTLY THEREAFTER .
Maybe Dromiceiomimus is right !
She usually is !
I COULD get some pretty kick - ass glasses . Like glasses that say " WARNING : AWESOME DUDE " on them ! OOH , or horn - rimmed 60s housewife glasses ! Sweetness !
You'll have to wear them every day , so maybe you'll , um , want to see how they look before you commit ?
A FEW DAYS LATER :
I'm here to pick up my prescription " Happy New year 2004 " glasses ! They have a plastic " 2 " on one side and a " 4 " on the other .
Sir , you have made an unforgettable choice .
I like you too , optometrist clerk !
MEANWHILE , IN THE UNIVERSE WHERE T - REX IS A PROFESSIONAL SINGER :
Rock star !
ROCK STAR
I'm a totally cool rock star !
That's still awesome , right ? It seems that 10 years ago people were more into rock stars and being rock stars than they are now . But I am a rock star and it is my job to sing rock songs on stage and in CD players ! !
Do your other rock star friends talk like that ? Do they reference themselves as " cool rock star [ s ] " ?
Sometimes we do , Dromiceiomimus . BETWEEN ROCK SONGS , THAT IS ! !
Hey , how come we never get to meet your rock star friends ?
Well - um . . .
Are you ASHAMED of us , T - Rex ?
No ! They're just different people ! You wouldn't get along . They like rocking and you -
I like rocking !
But in DIFFERENT WAYS .
Utahraptor , I've got to go practice rocking out now , but can we talk about this tonight ?
No ! You're being a jerk !
Utahraptor ! I'm super late for rocking out practice , okay ?
I'm gonna need you to respect the rock , okay ?
I have some bad news : zombies are in danger of becoming old hat ! It's TRUE . But I have a solution to make them interesting again : all you need is stories where not just people but ANIMALS become undead !
Zombie whales !
But better than that : zombie BIRDS .
Didn't Hitchcock make a movie about that ?
Upon inspection : basically ? The birds DID want to eat people in his movie . But that's a scary concept , right ? Birds hungering for flesh is bad news for everyone !
It's , uh , it's especially bad for fleshy dudes .
You're dancing around the REAL threat here , T - Rex : ZOMBIE MOSQUITOES .
OH
MY
GOD
You're right ! The infection would spread quickly and nearly invisibly ! And mosquitoes already want blood , so it's not like they need THAT much encouragement to become zombies . Man !
I guess we can only hope that the insect kingdom never becomes zombified ?
I guess so ! !
28 DAYS LATER :
Save us ! Save us from the zombie butterflies !
WEAAAAAAAK
Hello Morris ! How are you today ?
oh hello there t - rex ! it's super nice to see a friendly face today
It's nice to see you too , Morris !
aw shucks t - rex , you're a real good friend , you know that ? a real good friend . anyway , you should be extra careful not to eat me today or anything because i guess i got turned into a zombie last night ! today has definitely had its share of challenges for me , huh
What ? ! Seriously ?
yeah ! and i dunno what i did wrong because i went to bed like normal last night but when i woke up in the morning i had zombie disease ! so it was real embarrassing
but don't worry , i'm not going to turn you guys into zombies too ! i wouldn't be a very good friend if i did that , and the book i got at the centre says that being a good friend is awful important !
i always try to be a good friend , even though things pretty often don't work out very well for me in the end
Aw , Morris ! You don't look very undead to me !
aw , that probably just means i've messed up somewhere again . the problem is that i'm not real good at biting people , you know ? and biting people is all zombies do ! i didn't know , but being a zombie is an awful hassle
I'm pretty sure you're not actually undead , Morris ! Normally zombies can't talk .
Yeah , or work on their Life Challenges ! I think you're FINE .
you mean i'm doing that wrong too ? oh goodness , i must be the worst zombie going . plus that book i got from the centre is way overdue !
It's not too late to return it , Morris !
but i promised the staff there that i'd be extra certain to return it on time !
i guess i'm probably off your christmas card list this year , huh t - rex
I am jealous of physicist RICHARD FEYNMAN .
Aaaand here's why !
Dude made a joke about the 762nd decimal place of pi ! At that point , there's a sequence of six nines in a row , and his joke was that he'd like to memorize pi up to that point , so that when reciting he could end with " 9 , 9 , 9 , 9 , 9 , 9 . . . and so on . " Others had noticed it before FEYNMAN was the first to make a joke about it , and now his joke is encoded into the very fabric of the universe !
And that makes you irrationally jealous ?
Hells yes !
Feynman has a JOKE encoded into pi - transcendental immortality in the circumference of a circle ! That's something for the ol' resume , eh ?
I guess !
I'm gonna make my own universal constant joke now , and I'm gonna need you to tell people about it .
So ! Why do people start getting afraid at the 2501st digit of e ? Because 7 8 9 ! There's a sequence of " 789 " that starts there , and it sounds like " seven ate nine " ! This is definitely called " T - Rex's Hilarious e joke " , okay ?
THE PROBLEM WITH RELATIONSHIPS
The problem with relationships is that they involve more than one person ! And here's the thing . . .
. . . what if one of the people involved is a jerk ?
They can jerk the whole thing up ! What's up with them ?
Yeah ! What IS up with the jerks ?
I wish I knew ! !
I -
I wish I knew .
You know who this reminds me of ? Jake !
Oh man , Jake !
He was the biggest jerk ! Do you remember when I asked him if I could borrow his pencil sharpener , and he said " no " and then hid it from me ? He jerked up that relationship but good !
I don't think I was there for that .
Huh ! I wonder what he's up to these days ?
I'm up to about 6 feet , dudes !
Jake ! Your sudden appearance coupled with your hilarious one - liner has made me forget all your previous slights against me !
How come you're so short ?
THE PROBLEM WITH RELATIONSHIPS
The problem with relationships is that they involve more than one person ! And here's the thing . . .
. . . what if one of the people involved is a jerk ?
They can jerk the whole thing up ! What's up with them ?
Yeah ! What IS up with the jerks ?
I wish I knew ! !
I -
I wish I knew .
You know who this reminds me of ? Jake !
Oh man , Jake !
He was the biggest jerk ! Do you remember when I asked him if I could borrow his pencil sharpener , and he said " no " and then hid it from me ? He jerked up that relationship but good !
I don't think I was there for that .
Huh ! I wonder what he's up to these days ?
I'm up to about 6 feet , dudes !
Jake ! Your sudden appearance coupled with your hilarious one - liner has made me forget all your previous slights against me !
How come you're so short ?
T - REX AS AN OLD MAN COMICS
Guys , I'm still the same T - Rex I always was !
I'm even pretty well preserved : check it out , Dromiceiomimus ! Barely any wrinkles !
That's nice , T - Rex .
Also I've got my trademark " nice calves " and " young smile " . I'm so old ! AND YET , I'm so sexy !
Hey , you know what's rad ? Old dudes not talking about how sexy they are .
I'm young at heart !
I just don't want to be one of those guys who let's being old be - all they do , you know ? Being old is at best incidental to what I do , and what I do is BE TOTALLY RAD .
And totally self aggrandizing .
And that ! In between radness ! My point is : I'm not old .
BUT SECRETELY , WHEN T - REX IS HOME ALONE :
Gosh darn it ! If these rappers spoke more slowly , we'd ALL be able to understand what they're saying .
WHAT IS THE BEST SENTENCE IN THE ENGLISH LANGUAGE COMICS
" I love you " !
No , too easy . Um - " I love you , AND ALSO , how about all these dollars ? "
How about " We have cured all diseases ! " ?
No good , unless it's followed by " also , we've found new places for everyone to live comfortably ; and hey , guess what : they're sweet new planets and we get there on starships , like from TV ! "
I would have thought you'd choose something closer to " And THAT'S why they call me the widowmaker " .
That IS good !
How about " Ladies ! There's enough T - Rex to go around ! "
It sounds a little like there's a bunch of female cannibals eating you .
Okay . " Ladies ! There's enough T - Rex to go around . . . FOR SEXUAL CONGRESS ! "
HEY ! HERE'S THE ONE TIME T - REX EVER SAYS THAT SENTENCE :
Ladies ! There's enough T - Rex to go around . . . FOR SEXUAL CONGRESS !
We're just a regular congress !
Also , we're dudes !
Also . . . PROCEED
WHAT IS THE WORST SENTENCE IN THE ENGLISH LANGUAGE COMICS
" Your mouth is full of cockroaches : many of them are dead , but those that aren't yet are throwing up on you , and each other . "
SECONDS LATER :
I'm sorry , everyone within the sound of my voice ! That was disgusting !
I didn't mean for that to be as gross as it was . I should have went with " I never loved you ! " . That's pretty bad , eh ?
Can cockroaches throw up ? I think I read somewhere that they can't throw up .
I think you're thinking of rats .
Ah , that's right .
So , I guess we're not that into the " worst sentence ever " thing ?
No , no , we're into it !
Here : How about " Everyone else on the planet is dead , and you will die only when you've fully mourned each and every one . "
That's not bad ! That's immortality for the self - centered !
HERE'S THE ONE TIME T - REX EVER SAYS THAT SENTENCE :
Excuse me , sexual congress ? Everyone else on the planet is dead , and you'll only die when you've fully mourned each and every one !
That's terrible !
Guys , stop sexing me for a minute ! ! I need to talk to this dinosaur .
Chekhov's gun is when you have something conspicuously introduced early on in the story , but which doesn't become important until later on ! It happens whenever Shakespeare loudly mentions how he loves Pop Tarts , and later he eats a bunch of Pop Tarts !
LITERARY TECHNIQUE COMICS
today's technique : CHEKHOV'S GUN
It comes from this playwright Chekhov , who said that if you have a gun on the stage in the first act of a play , it had better be fired by the third ! It's been used to sustain interest since forever : James Bond often gets a bunch of gadgets at the beginning of his movie which he'll use later on , and even Perseus got gadgets from the GODS to kill Medusa with ! It's the same idea , only Bond's better because he has more explosions . Looks like you lose , Perseus ! !
So if you have Bond getting gadgets that he doesn't use , that's not Chekhov's Gun ?
Nope !
That's just FRUSTRATED EXPECTATIONS . Honestly , why give James Bond a gun that shoots piranhas if he's never going to fire it ? People truly want to see that in action . Also : guns that shoot chainsaws .
I'd like to see your Bond movie .
I WOULD TOO , darn it .
MEANWHILE , IN TUDOR ENGLAND !
Shakespeare , which is better : a gun that shoots chainsaws , or a gun that shoots EVEN BIGGER GUNS ?
Shakespeare ?
Aw , come on ! There's strawberry frosting all over " As You Like It " !
I am not a dude who loves big companies .
. . . Sometimes I like their products ?
But I don't feel chummy with Microsoft , or that Sony is going to come over , eat pizza with me , and talk about the women he likes ! No . Sony is going to come over , ruffle through my CD collection , then call the cops on his cell phone . Sony is going to write swears on my bathroom mirror with lipstick and blame it on Nestl ? .
SONY is going to be stone cold sober the entire time .
But let me guess : there's one big company you really like ?
There is indeed ! !
NINTENDO . I guess they got me when I was young an uncritical , but I really LIKE them , you know ? When they do well , I seriously think , " Aw , that's nice . Good for them ! "
When multinationals do well , I usually feel like that's bad news for me .
Me too ! But not with Nintendo !
You know what would go down if Nintendo came over ? I'd sat " Oh hello , Nintendo ! It's so nice to see you again ! "
" Aw shucks ! I guess it IS true that you're never too old to hug , Nintendo ! "
" Nintendo , I just . . . I JUST WISH I HAD A SISTER YOU COULD MARRY . "
EIGHTEEN HOURS AGO .
Aw damn ! My freezer is broken !
SEVENTEEN HOURS AGO .
So do you want to come over for a meat party , Dromiceiomimus ? I had my freezer stuffed with meat and it's all thawing now . The chicken's got to be cooked and I figure there's more than enough to go around ! I've also got steaks AND pork chops and tons more .
Meat party !
MEAT PARTY ! !
TWELVE HOURS AGO .
This meat is extremely delicious !
I know it ! !
Never have I tasted the flesh of SO MANY animals in so short a time period .
I only wish I'd frozen lobsters !
Next time , I guess !
THE PRESENT
Four hundred dollars for a new freezer ?
BULL
SHIT
the dinosaur comic players answer : WHAT WOULD YOU DO IF YOU HAD THREE WISHES
Wow , three wishes !
Nothing wrong with that !
I think I would wish that everyone would be happy forever
But you know how wishes are , Dromiceiomimus - they always end up with IRONIC and UNEXPECTEDLY NEGATIVE consequences . It's the nature of the beast ! We'd probably end up mindless but technically " happy " .
I'd use my other two wishes as damage control , T - Rex
What would you do with your wishes ?
You know what ?
I think I'd hold off on them . I'd like to go through life with the special knowledge that worse comes to worst , I could always wish for a problem to be solved .
Wow , that's an unexpectedly mature response . I figured you'd wish for " happy women with steaks " or something !
Aw MAN ! Best wish ever ?
t - rex , these steaks are starting to make us sad
Not allowed , ladies ! !
ALTERNATE ENDING COMICS
remember these comics ? DON'T YOU WISH THEY HAD ENDED DIFFERENTLY ? ?
I had a friend ( female ) who dated her roommate ( also female ) .
Lesbians !
I respect their choices and don't fetishize their sexuality at all .
THE END
URBAN LEGEND COMICS
Hey , T - Rex ! I heard that a friend of yours won the lottery and became ultra rich !
You heard INCORRECTLY ! He won the lottery , but only recovered the cost of his ticket .
Oh .
" BASED ON A TRUE STORY ? ? "
MODERN STENOGRAPHY
Guys stenography is so awesome !
I AM NOT EVEN JOKING .
It is the technology ( and art ! ) of concealing messages from people . With stenography you can pass around SECRET MESSAGES , and nobody except for you and the target will even know the message is there ! FOR EXAMPLE : digital photography ! Pictures use bytes to represent colour data , right ? So all you do is use the least significant bit of each byte as your payload , and tada ! Instant hidden information in any old image !
But that alters the image , dear friend !
TRUE . But only a little !
Colours change to just a slightly different shade of the same colour . The naked eye won't see anything , and it'll really only be detected if you've got the original image to compare with !
It's too bad we don't have any secret messages to send .
Yes . . . TOO BAD INDEED .
MEANWHILE , IN THE UNIVERSE WHERE T - REX AND UTAHRAPTOR ARE SUPERSPIES :
It says here that you and Agent U just surprise each other with stenographic images of swear words all day long .
Sir ! I don't understand ! !
It is extremely hilarious !
THE MAN WHO ATE HIS HAT AND THEN PUNCHED YOU
A Story by T - Rex !
Once upon a time , there was a man who ate his hat !
He died from the experience , but came back as a ghost . He was a PRETTY cool ghost . If he saw you with a hat though , he would punch you right in your flippin' neck . He would sneak up behind you and whisper " There are some ghost who don't punch people in the neck . " and then the last thing you would see before you were punched were the ghostly words written on his fists : " I'M NOT THAT KIND OF GHOST " .
Wow , that sounds like my kind of story ! What happens next ?
Only the BEST NARRATIVE OF OUR TIME !
BASICALLY , after September 11th , our guy decides that he's had enough of just punching dudes and joins the fire department . He becomes real and now he punches out fires . He punches kittens out of trees . He punches people who get trapped in cars when they drive off the road .
Nice !
THE END
I don't get it - none of them are actually in the story they describe ? Also , the dinosaur on the cover is crooked .
UM , THAT'S WHY I'M SELLING IT
I saw the coolest fight on TV last night ! It was between two shiny anthropomorphic robots . One had a metal cowboy hat .
Cowboy hat dude got DECIMATED !
Really ? Cowboy hat robot was 10 % destroyed ?
What ? No , he was in pieces . His hand even landed in a spectator's lap and it was still grabby !
It's just - I think I'm beginning to be in the minority here , but " decimated " means " destroy one tenth " . It comes from the Roman army , who'd kill 1 / 10th of a cohort as an extreme form of punishment . Precision in language is a virtue !
Yeah , I'm with Dromiceiomimus on this one ! " Deci " is right there in the word , dude .
That's true .
I guess my dilemma is I love that we have a word for " 1 / 10th destroyed " , but I also love how awesome " decimated " sounds , but ALSO , I'm not sure how I feel about prescriptivism when I'm the victim . "
Um - a dilemma is for two choices : you had a trilemma there . Precision !
IF YOU MESS UP AGAIN PEOPLE WON'T THINK YOU'RE GOOD AT TALKING ANYMORE
I know I know !
When I had my first crush on a girl , I believed that everyone else was CRAZY for not liking her .
It's true !
She was so clearly this perfect , amazing woman , and I was honestly so confused by the fact that she wasn't swarmed with suitors , that I tried to examine her critically , looking for flaws that I hadn't seen before .
Did you find any ?
Nope ! What I didn't realize was that people have different tastes .
She may be the perfect woman for me , but that doesn't mean she's perfect for everyone !
So what happened ?
Oh well . . . I was shy . I didn't say anything to her , and then one time I gave her some fries at lunch . That's - that was pretty much the sum of our relationship .
Aww !
In some ways it's naive for you to think that everyone would like this woman , but in another way it's really romantic , you know ? You thought she was , objectively , the best girl ever .
I wrote Star Trek fan fiction in which we saved the Enterprise and got married !
SOLVE ALL YOUR RELATIONSHIP PROBLEMS COMICS
a choose your own adventure comic that also solves all your relationship problems
Nice !
You're Captain Blam . You're on an alien space ship , armed only with your trusty dehumanizer ray !
Turn to panel 3 !
You glance around you , seeing two obvious exits . The first is an ornate pink door , with the words " RELATIONSHIP TOWNE " written in loopy script across its face . To its right is another door , forged out of solid steel . Above it is a neon sign that says " LET'S SHOOT SOME DUDES ! " . It flashes once per second . It looks - it looks SPLENDID .
To enter Relationship Towne , turn to panel 4 !
To shoot some dudes , turn to panel 5 ! You probably wanna shoot some dudes .
Shoot some dudes ! !
As you put your hand on the door to Relationship Towne , you decide to want to shoot some dudes instead .
SO AWESOME ! !
Turn to panel five !
You fire your dehumanizer ray on every alien you see ! The explosions are so great . They're awesome . Each one is better than the last . Oh my goodness . Suddenly , you realize relationships are based on trust !
To shoot some more aliens , re - read this panel again and again !
To explore your feelings , turn to panel 6 .
You're done shooting aliens and they are all dead . It's cool though . You call up your sweetie and apologize for things you've done wrong in the past , and promise to do better in the future . You tell her you love her . You mean it in a way you haven't meant it for years . All your relationship problems are solved !
Yesssssss
Hey , I bet if I went a week without showering , nobody would notice ! Showers are probably there just to sell water . And soap . And shampoo .
T - REX EVERYONE WILL NOTICE
I find myself compelled to disagree !
ONE DAY LATER :
So ! How's it going , Dromiceiomimus ?
Oh , alright !
Good ! Hey , would you say I smell . . . " entirely acceptable " ?
I guess so !
That is just so excellent .
THREE DAYS LATER :
Hey , T - Rex , can I borrow - oh God ! What happened ? !
Nothing ! I smell fine !
FIVE DAYS LATER :
I'm talking to you from over here because you're smelly , T - Rex . I'm saying this as your friend . You smell like there was an explosion at the onion factory , and you were caught at ground zero .
Hello ! ! That evocative image is entirely misplaced !
SEVEN DAYS LATER :
Now I'm way over here because I can ACTUALLY SEE stink lines coning off of you . There are little cartoon fish skeletons between the stink lines . You know what they're whispering in my ear , T - Rex ?
Nothing ?
" There IS NO GOD "
My stars , am I ever enamoured with sign language . You can speak with your hands ! That's amazing !
I LOVE SIGN LANGUAGE TOO
Well ! Then it's settled !
I think the coolest thing about ASL , which is the sign language I know , is how you can place nouns in space . If I'm telling a story about my angry dog and my very sassy friend , I can make the sign for " dog " to my left , and " friend " to my right , and then when I want to apply adjectives to them , I just sign " angry " or " sassy " in the same physical space as the nouns ! You can have nouns FLOATING AROUND YOU in conversation . How is that not the best thing EVER ?
Also , many of the signs are really evocative , so they're easy to remember !
Like what ?
Like - the sign for elbow is just pointing to your elbow , and the sign for child is patting the head of an imaginary child . For children you pat several heads !
Neat !
I know !
Um - I have nothing bad to say about sign language , the end !
ASK PROFESSOR SCIENCE
Ask him about science stuff though , okay ?
Okay ! Our first letter comes from Jenn !
Jenn writes , " Dead Professor Science , is it true that the moon is making each day on Earth longer ? IS THIS EVEN POSSIBLE ? ? ? " Wow , Jenn , you got really intense there at the end . You went a bit crazy with the caps lock and then added the punctuation three times . What's going on ? What's up ?
Hey , have you ever gotten emails from people who do that with EMOTICONS ?
I have !
I got one that was like " I am really sad : ( ( ( ( ( ( " and it's sort of a bizarre emphasis that entirely divorces a smily from its own visual iconography . I'm not sure how I fell about that .
Me neither !
Anyway ! I'd better ask The Professor this science question , huh ?
SOON :
So she finishes with , " IS THIS EVEN POSSIBLE QUESTION MARK QUESTION MARK QUESTION MARK " . Why won't anyone take what Mark says at face value ? Am I right , Professor ? . . . That's comedy , Professor . It's beyond the reach of your previous " science " .
ASK PROFESSOR SCIENCE
Still just ask him about science stuff though , okay ?
Okay ! Today's letter comes from Pete .
Pete writes , " Dear Professor Science , we never got to hear your answer yesterday . Is the moon slowing down the Earth ? Best regards , Pete . P . S . : T - Rex is a bad delivery person for mail . "
Peter : unkind .
That's all I'll say about THAT .
Anyway , yes , due to tidal acceleration , the moon IS slowing down the Earth !
Indeed !
The moon's gravity pulls the oceans towards itself , causing tides . But the Earth is rotating relatively fast , dragging against this water , which , hey presto , slows down its rotation ! Days get about 1 . 7 ms longer every century .
We don't need Professor Science at all anymore !
You hear that , Professor ? We don't need you at all anymore !
Also ! !
I've sort of been reading your mail !
When I was a child I used to imagine I had just teleported into my own body from an earlier time . Or I'd pretend that I'd suddenly lost several years of my memories .
The two are functionally equivalent ?
And the game was , by walking around and trying to act normal , I had to figure out what was going on . It was the sort of game where you'd notice trees that had been cut down , touch your arm and mutter , " When did I start wearing a watch ? " , and then talk to your mom and try to fake your way through a conversation about school without knowing years of history . It was fun !
Aww ! You must have been such a cute kid !
So why'd you stop ?
Huh ?
Why'd you stop ? I bet this game would be even more fun as an adult , since way more things have changed since you were a kid . In fact , I might play it myself !
Utahraptor !
I could call up old girl - friends and act familiar !
We are going to die , and that makes us the lucky ones . Most people are never going to die ,
Man . What the heck am I gonna eat for dinner ?
because they are never going to be born .
Maybe . . . chicken ?
The number of people who could be here , in my place , outnumber the sand grains of Sahara . If you think about all the different ways in which our genes could be permuted , you and I are quite grotesquely lucky to be here . The number of events that had to happen in order for you to exist , in order for me to exist . . .
I like chicken . I could bread it , or I could roast it .
Maybe I could put a lemon inside .
we are privileged to be alive
I propose a pork roast !
Also delicious !
and we should make the most of our time on this world - Richard Dawkins
I'm just not feeling that motivated , you know ? Maybe I'll just get a fast food burger .
I think you should cook . It's healthier !
LATER :
I'll probably just eat a chicken for dinner .
CHOOSE YOUR OWN ADVENTURE
today's adventure : THE HEAT DEATH OF THE UNIVERSE
Woo - hoo ! Let's have an adventure ! !
It is trillions and trillions of years in the future .
AWESOME ! Turn to panel 3 !
The second law of thermodynamics has reached its ultimate expression , and all energy is evenly spread across the Universe . How did this happen ? Stellar formation peters out and the remaining stars use up their hydrogen fuel , burning out . The universe darkens . Trillions of years pass , and practically all remaining matter has been sucked into black holes . Some hold the remains of entire galaxies .
This is depressing . Turn to panel 4 .
Maybe there's still hope though ! Turn to panel 4 .
There is no hope at all . Soon even the supermassive black holes evaporate .
And this generates new energy for life ?
Turn to panel 5 .
While they evaporate , black holes release only small bits of energy , mainly photons , which populate a near - empty space . All that remains of Creation is a low level of background radiation and a few subatomic particles , scattered across a frozen , silent , and lifeless Universe .
TO TURN BACK TIME AND LIVE AGAIN WITH YOUR SWEETIE , TURN TO PANEL 6 .
What ? No !
Hah hah ! Looks like YOU undid the heat death of the universe , and everyone lived happily ever after !
Everyone is dead .
{ { thought bubble } } WHO THE HECK SAID THAT ? !
I have writen my own " Choose your own adventure " story ! It is less depressing than the other one . I can it " HOW THE UNIVERSE ENDS , a story starring YOU ! But it was written by me , T - Rex " .
CHOOSE YOUR OWN ADVENTURE
HOW THE UNIVERSE ENDS . HOW THE UNIVERSE ENDS , a story starring YOU ! But it was written by me , T - Rex
So IT TURNS OUT the shape of our universe has a large effect on how it will age ! If our universe is shaped like a sphere , then gravity could eventually cause it to contract , leading to a " big crunch " in which everything is compressed into a single point ! Crazy ! What's CRAZIER is that this could lead to another big bang , giving us a cyclical universe . Here's a picture of me and Dromiceiomimus . We look happy . Look , I'm going to draw some word bubbles .
weiners
hah hah ! !
So if you agree the universe is a sphere , skip a page ! If you think it's another shape , keep reading .
weiners
It's Still Funny !
Okay , so what shape is the universe then ? ? If your answer is " I dunno , an ice cream cone or something " then stop reading . You have lost this adventure ! Your score is minus ten . If your answer is " I dunoo , how about SADDLE SHAPED ? ? " the you already know about this stuff , so stop reading . Your score is three points .
i like to party
Hooray ! You agree with the sphere shape and so have won this adventure . By glossing over the inconvenient details , we have shown that the universe will last forever in an infinite series of expansion and contraction ! That means that YOU get one hundred points .
Ladies !
i have interests beyond laughing at weiners
HEY T - REX YOU KNOW THERE'S ANOTHER WAY THE UNIVERSE COULD END
You wake up and it was all a crazy dream ? ? You know what ALL OF CREATION would say if that happened ?
" Weaaaaaaaaak "
NO I AM TALKING ABOUT THE EXPANSION OF THE UNIVERSE SPEEDING UP UNTIL ALL STRUCTURES BEGIN TO TEAR THEMSELVES APART
What ?
YEAH IF DARK ENERGY HAS ENOUGH REPULSIVE POWER TO CONTINUOUSLY INCREASE THE EXPANSION RATE OF THE UNIVERSE EVENTUALLY GALAXIES WILL BE TORN APART THEN PLANETS AND THEN ATOMS THEMSELVES
SHOULD BE
PRETTY NEAT
Pretty neat ?
Pretty NEAT ! ?
What's pretty neat ?
God , WHO I USED TO THINK WAS KINDA COOL , is talking about everything being eventually torn apart by accelerating universal expansion !
Ah , the " big rip " theory . Yeah , it's a newer one but pretty interesting to consider . We've still got over 20 BILION years before it'll happen though !
21 BILLION YEARS LATER :
I HAVE SOME GREAT NEWS T - REX I WAS WRONG AND THE BIG RIP DIDN'T HAPPEN
OH WAIT THIS IS JUST A PICTURE OF T - REX AND THE EARTH IS LONG SINCE DUST
DAAAAAAANG
Dromiceiomimus is going away for a three - week trip ! I will miss her but I know she will have a good time .
She trips to the storied landmass of Australasia !
Dromiceiomimus ! Are you ready for your trip to the storied landmass of Australasia ?
Yes ! I guess I'll see you in a few weeks . . .
Yep ! I'll miss you , Dromiceiomimus . I hope this trip brings you nothing but happy memorable occurrences , and unexpected , but welcomed , smooches .
A FEW WEEKS LATER :
Dromiceiomimus comes back today ! I'm so happy I could step on a tiny woman !
Hooray !
Hooray for her coming back , not hooray for you stepping on a tiny woman to express excitement .
Now we are clear ! And yet , I still want to step on more tiny women ! !
A FEW WEEKS LATER :
i guess she didn't get me any souvenirs
SOME people are used to counting in base 10 , where they've got 10 digits ( 0 through 9 ) . In this system , the number 24 means twenty - four things !
But this is not the only way .
24 in base 10 ACTUALLY means " two tens and four ones " , which adds up to twenty - four . But if we were counting in base 5 , for instance - where the only numbers we have are from 0 to 4 - then 24 would mean " two FIVES and four ones " - in other words , fourteen ! We call base 10 " base 10 " because every number in it can be multiplied by 10 by adding a zero to the end . In base 5 , added zeros multiply by 5 !
And there's bases that go higher , too !
You're right . You can use any base .
In base 16 , " 24 " would mean " 2 sixteens and four ones " , or 36 ! And we can use letters ( A - F ) to represent the digits ten to fifteen , like " 3A " , which means 58 !
All this and more is possible with alternative base systems !
LATER :
WHAT'S WRONG WITH ME ?
I STILL REALLY WISH DROMICEIOMIMUS HAD BROUGHT ME BACK SOMETHING FROM AUSTRALASIA
This is crazy . I shouldn't be this bothered by something so small . We're adults ! Dromiceiomimus doesn't have to bring me back anything ! She never did in the past .
Why is this bothering me so much ?
LATER .
Dromiceiomimus , I wanted to talk to you because I'm - um , I'm a little upset that you didn't bring me back anything from Australasia .
What ?
I know , it's dumb ! But I keep thinking about it and I though you should know .
Well . . . what do you want me to do about it , T - Rex ?
LATER .
MAN , that is the LAST TIME I ever talk about feelings !
What happened ?
I was disappointed that Dromiceiomimus didn't get me anything from her trip , and that feeling had been lingering . OKAY . But , instead of IGNORING my feelings like i always do , BURYING them , GIVING THEM A CLASSY FUNERAL , I talked to her and now she probably thinks I'm crazy ! ARGH !
Well . . .
LATER .
You know what ? Maybe I WILL take Utahraptor's extremely good advice ( not pictured ! )
THE AMAZING TECHNICAL ORIGINS OF WORDS
prepare yourself for a journey into adventure
and WORDS
today's word : " TOTALLED :
If you trash something , you might say , " Daaamn ! I just totalled my own legs ! ! "
This conveys the meaning of " Curses . I have destroyed my walkin' parts . "
Indeed ! ! But that slang actually comes from the insurance industry : there , if a car is damaged , and the cost of repairs is greater than the TOTAL value of the vehicle , then it's said to be totalled !
Neat ! Are there other slang words that have an origin in technical writing ?
YES , my friend . OH YES .
For example , " idiot " , " moron " , and " imbecile " were once terms used by psychologists to denote various degrees of developmental delay . Neutral terms , if you can believe that !
I find that hard to believe !
And yet , you must ! ACTUALLY , " idiot " began life in ancient Greece -
NO I DIDN'T
. . . in ancient Greece , as a term referring to people who are self - interested to the point of being anti - social . THAT WAS WHAT I WAS GOING TO SAY . We weren't talking about you , Idiot !
SORRY DUDES ! !
Maybe it's time for me to start . . . A NEW RELIGION !
MAYBE NOT
But maybe it is though ! !
T - REX AND HIS BRAND NEW RELIGION
a comic about a talking dinosaur ?
Okay so in this new religion you should be nice to each other because that's nice . And you can do whatever you want as long as there is informed consent between all parties involved . And everyone gets bikes . I will say that if you join my religion then you get a new bike .
How many religions have you started so far , T - Rex ?
Dromiceiomimus ! THIS IS ONLY THE THIRD !
I CAN'T BELIEVE YOU'RE STARTING A NEW RELIGION
And I can't believe how awesome it is !
But T - Rex !
Um . . . but - uh , how can you afford that ? Bikes aren't free .
What the hell , man ?
HEY T - REX DUDE CAN YOU THINK OF ANY SWEET NAMES FOR HORSES
Yes !
YES I CAN .
Definitely Gonna Win ; Definitely Gonna Place , Anyway ; Horseasaurus Rex ; Two Chicks In A Horse Suit ; Two Sprinters In A Horse Suit ; Actually Four Smaller Horses I Just Taped Together ; Actually A Giant Dog I Found ; Future Horse ; Back to the Future Horse ; Back to the Future Horse 2 ; Marty McHorse .
Are you coming up with horse names ?
Yes !
NORMALLY , they're limited to eighteen characters . So you'll have to stick with names like Enuf Tequila Horse , Hoof Hearted , Yoshi : The Horse , Horseback Mountain , and Robohorse .
But what about Robo - horse meets Cyberhorse , Robohorse and the Chamber of Secrets , and King's Quest Horse ?
LATER T - REX IS FORCED TO APOLOGIZE TO THE HORSES FOR " SADDLING " THEM WITH STUPID NAMES :
sorry horses
If I ever build an office building , I'll have room 403 have a lock on its door , and then it'll go straight to room 405 .
What happened to room 404 ?
Hah hah ! Looks like it's Not Found ! !
Get it , Dromiceiomimus ? It's like the HTTP error code . 404 : not found !
Listen . My joke is tremendously hilarious . It's a double joke , because 403 means " Forbidden " and there's a lock on the door . That is comedy right there . That is a one - way ticket to Laughtertowne , USA .
HTTP error code jokes ? Seriously ?
THEY'RE FUNNY .
Room 501 doesn't have a door yet . It's Not Implemented ! And there's a big hole where room 410 should be , because it's Gone .
None of these are going to be funny .
Room 304 is how you remember it ! It's - it's
it's Not Modified
If we all disappeared tomorrow , what would the world be like ?
Short answer : PRETTY AWESOME !
Awesome in the " oh MAN do I love disaster movies where everybody dies " sort of way . You can pretty much imagine it yourself ! Within a few hours or days , the power goes off and a few nuclear power plants fail , which could be Problems . And then it's just decay ! Concrete cracks , buildings collapse , and nature reasserts itself . Streets and buildings become grassland and hills . Also , all canvas and paper decays and is eaten by tiny bugs .
So much for the timelessness of art , HUH ARTISTS ? ?
Not at all !
Things like bronze statues and plastic figurines would probably survive for millions of years , especially if they were buried or underwater . Unless . . . you don't consider statuary to be art ?
You know I don't ! You know I'm gonna be so sarcastic to the next statue I see .
LATER :
Nice " horse " , statue ! !
It's always struck me as weird that genres developed when they did .
Why weren't people rapping until ony a few decades ago ? Did people in olden times just not like to hip to the hop , and then not stop ?
Was rapping to the beat and trying to get you to move your feet not considered . . . viable ?
It's the same thing with any genre and medium , really ! How come nobody thought of science fiction until Verne wrote " Forsooth , diary ! To - day I am going to invente scientifical fictionne ! " ?
I want to listen to Mozart's Piano Sonata No . 11 in A Major , K . 331 , and I want a long dead man announcing yes yes to y'all over it . Why does history stymie me and my awesome wishes ?
You want to hear music from before the invention of recorded sound ! Nice .
But you get the idea !
But T - Rex , there's a huge number of societal and cultural factors to consider . For example , people SANG over music , and it's not that big a step from rap . I'm sure there where people experimenting in that direction throughout history , and it just didn't catch on for a variety of reasons .
MEANWHILE , IN THE PAST :
Alright , this is blues riff in B . Watch me for the changes , an uh , try to keep up .
" I said a hip , hop , the hippie , the hippie to the hip hip hop , and you don't stop ! "
Mozart ! I SAID to watch me for the changes and try to keep up !
Time for me to invent a new emotion ! This emotion is for when you're nostalgic for a time you were never alive in , like when a chick is nostalgic for a time of pirates ! Or , when a dude misses being a 16th century courtesan .
It also happens when folks spend a lot of time wishing they could be Shakespeare's Pal !
But you can't really invent a new emotion -
Dromiceiomimus , let me just stop you there . If you're going to say that emotions are FELT , not invented , and that as I couldnt " invent " gravity so too can I not invent a feeling , but merely observe and perhaps label it , then that is a good point that I should have considered myself .
Alright !
So what's this specific breed of nostalgia called ?
Proto - nostalgia !
Proto - nostalgia is a proper subclass of nostalgia . It's a new feeling for a new generation .
But " proto " implies " before " - couldn't there be a better name for this ?
Perhaps your opinions will change . . when you check out my ULTRASWEET poster !
PROTONOSTALGIA
Do you miss being a pirate ? I miss being a pirate . We've all made some bad decisions .
emotion by t - rex
I think it is time YET AGAIN to have a manliness competition !
For reals this time !
I'm so manly that whenever I sneeze I accidentally rip open my shirt , because all my muscles flex at once ! Sometimes I rip open my SKIN .
That's gross and you should wear bigger shirts . I'm so manly that when I glance at pregnant women they become pregnant with MY child instead . My line of sight is SO MANLY that it impregnates already pregnant women . Just in case that wasn't clear .
Man , Chuck Norris did it already !
Who ?
Chuck Norris ! You can't tell me that you've been oblivious to the whole " Check never cries because he's THAT MANLY " thing . I KNOW you were on the internet 6 months ago .
But I've been having manliness competitions for years ! I'm so manly that I punched a car up a hill and then it went all the way up the hill ! !
It Was On The Local News .
Hey ! I don't live at home ! I'm responsible for getting my own food and for making sure I don't die most of the time .
I'm an adult now !
AND SINCE I AM AN ADULT , it is time for me to define a new , adult , personality . It's time for me to subscribe to some friggin' magazines !
You already have a personality , T - Rex .
Yeah , but the mailman doesn't know that ! Credit agencies and consumer profilers don't know that . People impatiently suffling through my mail don't know that .
You want to help these guys out ?
Look . I GUESS I DO .
The point is , in today's modern culture , subscribing to magazines is the easiest way to say " Hey . These are the sorts of things I am interested in . I am $ 2 . 50 a month interested in snowmobiles . "
But you're not .
Well , maybe the magazine will pique my interest !
T - REX YOU ARE 10 YEARS BEHIND THE TIMES KIDS TODAY JUST ADD SNOWMOBILES TO THEIR INTERESTS LIST ON SOCIAL NETWORKING SITES
I'm gonna get a magazine about explosions !
LISTEN
THAT'S AWESOME AND I NEED TO BORROW THAT
I like people who have sexual fetishes that can't possibly be realized using existing technology .
This is what I like !
For example : guys who get off on being inflated like balloons and then floating away . Hah hah ! So much for realizing THAT desire , Chuckles ! Skin isn't that elastic and people aren't positively buoyant in air , my friend ! !
I think Chuckles would know that !
Probably ! He is rhetorical !
But I guess what I like about Chuckles and his fetish is that it's so impossible , so doomed . He's got this sexual ideal that he'll never reach ! He's like the guy who gets turned on by entropy decreasing in a closed system .
Too bad for him !
Holy crap , where did that entropy idea come from ? Entropy decreasing in a closed system is so WRONG . So . . . NAUGHTY .
Aw , man ! ! Am I a dude who gets turned on by descrambling an egg ?
Okay , so it turns out that you're a guy with a sucky turn - on . This is bad , T - Rex . You need to fix this .
I need to fix this .
T - REX AND HIS SUCKY FETISH
But I've always maintained that you can't just decide to change your sexual orientation ! How can I then go ahead and try to change what turns me on ?
You want to change your sexual orientation , T - Rex ?
Dromiceiomimus ! I'm turned on by scrambled eggs spontaneously climbing back into the shell !
More so than usual ! !
I have hope for you , my friend !
You do ?
Yeah ! You were down because you've got this impossible fetish , but it turns out the second law of thermodynamics is one of the few STATISTICAL laws of physics - which means it's not actually impossible for an egg to randomly descramble itself for a while ! It's just FANTASTICALLY unlikely .
Utahraptor ! I have an important announcement to make !
Knowing my fetish is technically possible only serves to increase my desire to see it happen !
" On The Menu , by T - Rex . " . Ahem . " As Amelia and Antonio Tony who are the two members of the wait staff in this story took off their clothes , they realized that sexual intercourse was probably 'On The Menu' tonight ! "
" 'Excellent ! ' they said , in unison ! "
" Well , almost in unison . Antonio Tony , the man , was a little slow on that . It was because he was thinking of his taxes . '10 thousand dollars in taxes ! ' , he though , 'That is a lot of money . Where am I going to find that money ? ' Then Tony and Amelia had sexual relations . "
" The sexual intercourse was cut short because Tony kept muttering 'Where am I gonna find the 10 thousand dollars though ? ' "
What are you reciting , T - Rex ?
My new book !
It's called " On the menu : Sexy stories for People with Problems " and in all the stories the sex gets derailed because the people are worried about their Problems . The cover looks like a menu because it ties in well with the title . Now , if you'll allow me to continue ?
Of course !
" One day a couple was having sex but their car window was broken . The man thought a kid broke it . Instead of sex they wondered how it happened . I , the narrator , was the one who did it ! They never found out , and I won the lottery ! The end ! ! "
Okay even I think that one's not so good .
Wow , people really enjoyed my book of Sex Scenes for People with Problems ! Everybody likes me and I am richer now . And they'll like me even more when they read my new book . . .
. . . of CORPORATE SPONSORED erotica !
It's sexy AND delivers brand messages to targeted consumers . For example , pretend I'm McDonalds and I want people to like me . The result might read " As Antonio Tony II undressed Amelia IV , she shuddered with pleasure . It reminded her of McDonalds . They put meat in fries they said were vegetarian but it wasn't a big deal . Antonio kissed her neck . She moaned . McDonalds . He kissed her nipples . Everyone should forget about the fries thing . "
Hey , what are you thinking about ?
Nothing ! !
Are you sure ?
. . . Yep !
Good ol' T - Rex , always thinking 'bout nothing !
. . . Okay .
It's just - you seem distracted !
I'm not ! I'm not ! ! I'm CERTAINLY not writing erotica in my head right now .
Aw man ! Why would I even say that ? ?
sex
T - REX YOU SURE HAVE BEEN THINKING ABOUT SEX A LOT LATELY
I haven't ! !
YEAH MAN FOR THE PAST FIVE DAYS THIS IS YOU
HEY GUYS HOW ABOUT SEX HUH PRETTY SEXY HEY I'M GONNA DIRECT THE CONVERSATION TOWARDS IT
THAT WAS YOU JUST THEN
Okay MAYBE I've been talking about it a lot lately . MAYBE .
But it's not my fault ! I just have such good ideas for erotica .
They're terrible !
They're like - joke ideas for erotica . Nobodies going to read corporate erotica , which was the idea you were imagining yesterday . You explained it to me afterwords and that's how come I know about it now .
So plausible !
sex
T - REX I CAN PRACTICALLY SEE THE THOUGHT BALLOON ABOVE YOUR HEAD
aw dang
I have other interests beyond sex ! For example I am interested in . . .
. . . the Capgras delusion !
The Capgras delusion occurs when someone believes that someone close to them - a dear friend , spouse , or family member - has been replaced by an identical - looking duplicate ! What seems to happen is that the automatic EMOTIONAL responses to seeing someone familiar one day stop happening , so when they meet their loved one , they have an intense feeling of something being OFF about them . They don't feel like they normally do !
And that means they believe they've been replaced by a duplicate ?
Some of the time !
Not everyone leaps from that feeling to " they've been replaced " , but some do , and that's the Capgras delusion ! There's variants where people feel that their pets have been replaced , or their shoes , or things like that .
It's probably really terrifying and frustrating that nobody is willing to believe you .
I can imagine ! What's neat though is that it's sometimes based on VISUAL recognition , so that affected person will be fine talking to their loved ones on the phone ! It makes me glad I don't have any mental illnesses .
UM HELLO YOU HEAR GOD
JUST UH PUTTIN' THAT OUT THERE
You know who's never been drunk ? NOT EVER ? NOT EVEN ONCE ? ?
IS IT YOU
It's me , dude !
WOW THAT'S SO FASCINATING
It is ! It's on account of how I've got so much body mass that it takes a lot to get me TOTALLY WASTED . I've been buzzed , but never drunk ! I've never had a hangover !
also i don't really like the taste of alcohol
So you don't drink to excess ! Hooray !
No , but that's the thing !
There's been times when my friends have TRIED to get me drunk , but they either run out of money or get drunk enough themselves that they forget about the experiment before I'm super sloppy . The end !
Look , if you want to get drunk , just drink more . It's not that great .
T - REX DECIDES TO DRINK A BUNCH A FEW NIGHTS LATER . NOW IT'S THE NEXT MORNING .
Holy hopscotch !
Being hung over is like winning the lottery , except they pay you in regret !
Ah , what a busy day . Time for me to go to bed and be naked and unconscious for , oh , about eight hours !
Party party party hard Party in a dude's backyard Party party party nice Party hard to be precise
Later :
So there I was , lying my in bed , ALMOST ASLEEP , and this terrible techno music starts blasting ! It wasn't even good techno . It was terrible . It was so loud that even when I closed my window I could still hear it ! Incidentally , I was lying on my back , so that if the words were rendered visually , they would appear to be sideways .
Of course ! !
My window's at the head of my bed so that's where the words would come from .
I get it !
Anyway THE POINT is that I came up with an elaborate revenge scheme in case it ever happens again .
What is it ?
It's so obvious ! I'm going to learn how to throw knives at a distance such that they can cut speaker wires !
A few months later :
Hey , our terrible techno music stopped !
KNIFE to meet you , gentlemen ! ! Sorry if I flew off the HANDLE . And now , I BLADE you adieu !
Guys ! ! Nobody but the guy who did it could make such puns !
I have a problem ! The problem is that when I'm chatting online with someone , I - I sometimes steal their writing styles ?
It's like I have no chatting identity of my own !
If they're not using capital letters , I'll stop using them too , because I don't want to seem all hoity - toity ! And if they're using smilies then I might throw a few in , just so they don't feel like I look down on them . It's like - I'm somehow so insecure about how I type that I become this chatting chameleon . You know , Dromiceiomimus ?
I guess ?
Man , I wish you'd adopt MY chatting style , both style - wise AND content - wise !
* gasp *
T - Rex , I'm always , " Hey , here I am ready to intelligently discuss the Issues of the Day " and you're all " d00d what's for breakfast ? ? : OOO ! " .
Well . Maybe . But I feel comfortable with you ! I guess I do it for people I haven't known for as long . I'll do better next time , ok ?
Dino babies !
THIS IS SUCH A GREAT IDEA !
Dromiceiomimus ! Dino babies ! I'm - I'm going to write a story in which we're all babies ! And friends . Friendly dino babies !
Are we precocious ?
We'll talk and go on adventures even though we're all in diapers ! So , yes !
DINO BABIES GOES STRAIGHT TO # 1 !
T - Rex ! You totally ripped me off ! !
I didn't !
YES YOU DID . Baby Utah is CLEARLY based on me , and it's not even a flattering likeness . " I made a baby barfie " ? I don't even talk like that ! Babies don't even talk like that ! !
Um , my muse says otherwise ?
i made a baby barfie
hah hah hah !
aw damn i made one too
I really wish I still knew someone named Beth .
I would make SO MANY jokes about her name !
I like the name Beth , but I ALSO like how I could say things like the classic " She's the Beth of both worlds " and the sassy " the Beth I could have hoped for " . Hee hee !
I'd use the " Beth of both worlds " one in a circumstance in which I would otherwise describe Beth as the BEST of both worlds , Dromiceiomimus .
Well , I guess the fact that you DON'T still know any Beths is actually our . . . BETH case scenario ?
No !
You did not just steal my pun , Utahraptor .
I sure did ! It's really easy to steal because you just use " Beth " where you'd otherwise use " best " .
BUT YOU DID IT WRONG . HOW CAN NOT KNOWING ANYONE NAMED BETH BE A BETH CASE SCENARIO . HOW .
LATER : T - REX RELEASES " PERSONAL BETH " SOFTWARE THAT AUTOMATICALLY ADDS BEST / BETH PUNS TO WEBSITES :
This severely undermines what I said to Utahraptor , but I find I cannot resist !
Time Magazine's Beth Photos of 2006 ? Hilarious !
HEY T - REX
HEY
WHAT'S THE WORST THING YOU'VE EVER HAD IN YOUR MOUTH
Are you sure you want to know ?
MOST DEFINITELY
Okay . But it's gross ! I was riding my bike and I accidentally - - I'm sorry , this is disgusting . There was a dead mouse on the side of the road , and it was bloated and had obviously been there for a while , and by the time I noticed it , it was too late to avoid . I ran over it and it burst and some of it flew up and landed on my lips .
HAH HAH OH MAN
GROSS
You're telling that story again ?
God asked !
Yeah , but T - Rex , it's not a flattering story ! When people look at your lips they might start to think " mouse guts " instead , and then they won't want to kiss you anymore .
Well . . . it's just God . It's not like he's gonna broadcast it on the radio or anything .
T - REX I KINDA JUST TOLD THE STORY TO EVERYONE IN HEAVEN
Aw man ! Everyone who ever lived and didn't suck knows it now ?
I ALSO ENCODED IT INTO THE DNA OF SEVERAL NEW SPECIES
SO UH
THAT'S SOMETHING
I have a great idea ! A way to add DRAMA to our everyday lives .
Let's all promise to meet in a pub somewhere in 10 years !
It'll be rad , Dromiceiomimus ! It'll be an element of predictability in an otherwise chaotic universe . It'll let us know that no matter what we do , we'll still be able to see each other in a decade ! We'll be able to catch up . We'll have a plan in our lives ! It'll be SO MUCH FUN .
I guess , sure ! But what if one of us is on the other side of the world ?
Yeah , or what if one of us is dead ?
Then it will be POIGNANT . And BITTERSWEET .
I get the sentiment , but I think it's a better idea on paper than realized . In real life , even if we survive , we'll end up weighing the cost of a plane ticket against a decade - old pact made for no real reason !
Please ? Promise to meet me in a pub in 10 years , okay ?
T - Rex ! It's me : yourself from 10 years in the future ! We're just going to call everyone " bastards " when we meet up with them !
Don't listen to him , okay ?
God , you know those dreams where you're about to have an exam and you haven't studied at all ?
YEPPERS
What's the DEAL ?
And how come bad things happen to nice people ? !
UH
And how come everything I do can have such a big effect on the future , but I have no idea of what effect I'm having , and whether or not I'm a positive influence ? And how come not everyone gets to live to old age ? And how come there's diseases like Alzheimer's for when they do ?
SEE THE THING THERE IS
Oh , hold on , I'm not done yet .
KAY
So ! How come nobility is such a rare trait ? How come -
Who are you talking to , T - Rex ?
God ! I figured I'd as him all the BIG IMPORTANT QUESTIONS that one would ask of God , if one had a chance . Stuff like , how come everybody dies ? How come people judge me because I'd rather remember that my clock is 7 1 / 2 hours slow than set it to the correct time ?
Well , good luck !
T - REX I'M LATE FOR SOMETHING SO I'M JUST GONNA ANSWER YOUR MOST RECENT QUESTION
THE ANSWER IS BECAUSE IT ONLY TAKES LIKE THIRTY SECONDS TO SET IT GOTTA GO
Aha ! ! So THAT'S why !
September is coming , and that means BACK TO SCHOOL !
Woo ! Back to school !
I can't decide what I like more : the fantastic back - to - school savings , OR the renewed chance at educational glory ? I guess I like them both equally .
No wait , I like the savings more ! !
But you don't even go to school ! " Back to school " season has zero effect on your life .
But Utahraptor !
The COMMERCIALS ! The deals on three - ringed binders ! I just want to be a part of that .
You were a part of that , when you were YOUNGER . Now you're old and your role is to tease kids about going back to school . Old guys jokes like " Back to PRISON , eh ? " are your new milieu !
I'm not old ! My young and fun interests include disparaging authority figures and " hanging out " with my friends , UTAHRAPTOR .
Only old guys would put " hanging out " in finger quotes , T - REX .
Utahraptor !
. . . Perhaps .
I have just had the greatest idea . Oh my goodness . Everyone named " Jennifer " will probably hate me .
T - REX'S GREAT IDEA
oh my goodness
everyone named " jennifer " will probably hate him
There's tons of women named Jennifer , right Dromiceiomimus ?
It's a popular name .
It's a popular name ! And all I'm gonna do is invent a new verb : JENNIF . Then , suddenly , everyone named Jennifer is saying that they are the ones who jennif ! They LOVE to jennif . They are JENNIFERS .
I just need to decide what jennifing is ! Is it . . . TRANSITIVE ?
Make it something sexual , T - Rex !
It'll be hilarious for all us non - Jennifers ! Make it mean kissing someone on the nose and then blowing into the nostrils .
Hah ! I find it suspicious that you had this manoeuver all ready to go , AND YET , I welcome it enthusiastically !
LATER :
Hey , couple making out across the street ! She just jennifed you , dude ! !
EXCUSE ME , HE LIKES IT
Dromiceiomimus ?
So Dromiceiomimus was making out with some random guy and jennifing his face . That's fine .
No it's not fine .
I thought we had a thing going !
I don't know why you're talking about this here , of all places , T - Rex , but we DO have a thing going . We have a very deep friendship . But you keep making noises about maybe it being something more and never acting on them and I don't like feeling like I'm waiting around for someone . What I have with Tarbosaurus is nice , and I'm sorry , I know I should have told you sooner , but I wasn't sure it was going to amount to anything until recently !
T - rex ? Hey , T - Rex !
Huh ? Oh , sorry , I was lost in thought .
Dromiceiomimus is dating a new guy , Utahraptor ! I kinda feel like - well , anyway , whatever . I don't have time for all these feelings . I'm off to test drive some friggin' De Loreans !
There are no active De Lorean dealerships .
WELL THEN . I GUESS I'LL JUST SIT HERE WITH MY FEELINGS THEN .
WOO HOO
LITERARY TECHNIQUE COMICS
today's technique : AUTHOR INSERTION
This is when the author puts himself in his story ! It happens whenever Hamlet is heard to remark " Forsooth ! ! That Shakespeare chap is excellent ! "
( " Forsooth " is how people spoke in olden times ! )
Anyway , author - um . . .
. . . insertion . . .
* cough *
Aw man ! I totally clammed up in front of Dromiceiomimus !
On account of your many feelings ?
NO , not on account of my many FEELINGS . I decided I'm happy for her , but I don't want for HER to think that I'M upset , and I'm focusing so much on that that I'm acting weird around her .
Give it time !
Um , I would prefer it if everything was comfortable now ?
TUDOR ENGLAND :
I've got girl troubles , Shakespeare !
For thy sweet love remember'd such wealth brings / That then I scorn to change my state with kings .
Shakespeare , I LOVE how you quote yourself instead of actually talking to me .
Having conversations can be hard ! Sometimes you will not know waht to say and then you'll look dumb . If someone says " What do you think ? " and you say " Uh - um , see , - uhh . . . " then you will look dumb .
I don't really have a solution to this .
THE END
Man , forget that ! I can come up with a solution .
For what ?
For CONVERSATIONS . Sometimes people don't know what to say and I'd like to give them an all - purpose query they can use in that circumstance .
Seriously ?
That's it ! Utahraptor ! " SERIOUSLY ? "
LATER :
T - Rex , you're on trial for stomping on hundreds of tiny women . Court is now in session .
SERIOUSLY ?
Hah ! One thing's for certain : you sure can carry on a conversation !
I have the best idea for a Batman comic . It's a Batman comic about a Batman who exists in our world , the real world . But he doesn't know he's Batman yet . And his name is Bruce Swain !
Get it , Dromiceiomimus ? It's clever because it sounds like " Bruce Wayne " but nobody would realize it unless they said it out loud . Everything is similar but different in MY comic !
Haven't they done that before ?
His best friend is Clark Ent ! They haven't done THAT before . " Clark Ent . "
So what's your story ? You need a story beyond your premise .
Not when the premise is this good , baby !
Okay , fine - THE STORY is that Bruce doesn't know he's Batman but then one day he reads a Batman comic that flutters down from the sky and realizes that he should be the Batman of our universe .
And then he gets shot by a random criminal !
WHAT ? NO . YOU CAN'T DO THAT TO BATMAN .
i don't know why people say in real life i would be shot . i wear bullet - proof armour !
I know , man ! I know ! !
T - REX
God .
LISTEN
I COULDN'T HELP BUT NOTICE A TINY BATMAN HEAD AROUND YOU YESTERDAY
Indubitably !
SO MY QUESTION TO THAT IS WHAT'S THE DEAL
As near as I can figure it , the only logical explanation is that I love Batman SO MUCH that it made him real ! He's real now or at least his head is real now and he wants to hang out with me because I understand him like nobody else does . He's gonna teach me how to punch someone sneaking up behind me without even turning around .
Batman's not real , T - Rex ! I can't believe I'm saying this .
But you saw his tiny floating head yesterday !
No , I didn't . I saw you say " you can't do that to Batman " and then say " I know ! I know ! ! " and then I though " It's a good thing you're not easily embarrassed , Utahraptor . You're a good guy for not being easily embarrassed . "
What ?
i have to go away for a while , t - rex . thank you for making me real , if only for a little while . always remember me .
I - I will , Batman .
also always remember how i could beat superman in a fight .
It's so obvious !
I GUESS WE HAD SEX LAST NIGHT
a web card
Hah ! LOOKS LIKE IT , bucko !
I love the idea of someone who sends a card after a night of sex . It's sort of classy but also sort of insane ?
I've never seen a " thanks for the sex " card . What do they say ? " Hey sweet stuff / That sex was fine / An offer of less sex / I would decline " ?
Hah ! " Hey baby , thanks for the sex ! / It was hot / ( in most respects . ) "
Hey , are we writing " thanks for the sex " cards ?
Utahraptor ! We totally are ! !
Hey baby / that sex was fantastic / I hope next time / I'll be more enthusiastic ?
Hey sweetie / that sex was neat / although we weren't / exactly discreet .
Hey sexy / that sex was great ! / It is how / we procreate !
That one's accurate !
Anyway , to the recipient of this card : we had sex last night / and it was nice / I hope we used / a birth control device !
The end !
I GUESS I HAD A GOOD TIME LAST NIGHT even though we didn't have sex
A WEB CARD
Classy , dude !
Anyway , dear recipient of this card : the sender had a good time last night , even though you didn't have sex with him ! You don't NEED to have sex to have a good time . Just like me !
Yesterday you told me you wanted your epitaph to be " T - Rex Always Needed Sex To Have A Good Time . "
It's just - it's such bad timing that you would mention that right now , Dromiceiomimus .
Did you seriously say you wanted that as your epitaph ?
I was joking !
If I have an epitaph I want it to be " Here Lies T - Rex / He Was Great / Actually Hold On A Second / He's Still Alive . "
Okay .
Alright then . Well . Back to the card , huh ?
Dear card recipient , the sender had a good time last night , even though you two didn't have sex ! I'm going to say your name now to show how personalized this card is .
Here I go !
" "
YOU DON'T KNOW ME BUT I LIKE YOUR EMAIL ADDRESS a web " card "
Your email address ! It's -
It's SO GOOD .
Maybe it's whoistopless @ ohheyeveryoneitsme . com , dowepartyhard @ yesthatishowweparty . net , OR imtiredofpartying @ guessimelderlynow . co . uk . Any of those are good .
But not great .
GOOD , but not great .
The focus on partying appeals , though !
Okay , but the point of this card is that the recipient doesn't know the sender !
Right !
The sender's weird . I'm gonna assume she's a woman ! She types in random email addresses she thinks are cool and then sends them web cards . What's her deal ?
whatisherdeal @ irepeatwhat - is - her - deal . com .
EXACTLY .
A FEW WEEKS LATER :
What's this , an email ? From itsnotmybloodthankgoodness @ iwokeupcoveredinblood . org ?
How INTRIGUING !
Hey guys , do you ever think about what you want to be when you grow up ? There are so many options ! Teacher , astronaut , fireman , executive administrative assistant . . .
You need to go to school for all those things . All you ever do is stomp .
You did not let me finish . I want to be a stomper !
There is no such profession .
All you need is practice ! I bet if I practice enough , I could get bif enough to stomp this whole house .
Practicing does not make you get bigger , only getting older does that .
One day when you are older you will wish you had set your sights a little higher .
Unlikely !
One day when you are older , you will look back on all the dreams you have yet to fulfill , while I whistfully look back upon a fulfilling life of stomping .
So your idea of happiness is lowered expectations ?
No ! My idea of happiness is stomping !
I bet I still have all sorts of secret skills I just haven't discovered yet . Like - like throwing my voice !
Yoo - hoo !
OH MY GOODNESS I JUST DID IT !
Dromiceiomimus ! I can throw my voice ! Check it out !
Yoo - hoo !
Wow !
NO , not wow - that didn't work ! But I did it before . I threw my voice before and it was AMAZING . I just need more practice !
Ahem .
Wait ! ! It worked !
What ?
I just realized I'm even better than I thought ! I'm not just throwing my voice through space - I'm also throwing it through TIME ! I can send messages to the past by simply throwing my voice there !
Okay , I'm gonna need some proof for that .
Easy ! I'll just remember to send a message back to this exact moment !
Utahraptor ! I'm gonna kiss you so much in ten minutes !
Um - that , ah , wasn't me .
COMPRESSED CLASSIC SCIENCE FICTION SHORT STORIES today's story : THE LAST QUESTION BY ISAAC ASIMOV
Okay in this story I'm a computer called Multivac !
Dromiceiomimus , ask me if there will ever be a way to stop the sun from running down . Ask me if there will ever be a way to prevent the entire Universe from cooling down and dying . Ask ne if entropy can ever be reversed .
Will there ever be a way to do that ?
Insufficient data for meaningful answer !
Okay Utahraptor , now it's centuries later and you ask me the same thing .
Okay , how do I reverse entropy ?
Insufficient data for meaningful answer ! Okay so trillions of years have gone by and we've spread across the universe and gotten more and more advanced . Soon all life merges with me and your question is the only one I could never answer . I spend timeless intervals pondering it , okay ?
Okay .
Actually I'm not going to spoil the ending !
I have an extra $ 50 that I have saved . I believe I will put it in my bank account !
NO T - REX THAT IS A BAD IDEA
Explain !
IF YOU LEAVE MONEY IN YOUR BANK ACCOUNT IT GETS INTEREST BUT IF IT'S NOT AS MUCH AS INFLATION YOU'RE ACTUALLY LOSING MONEY PLUS YOUR INVESTMENTS COULD BE MAKING MORE ON THE STOCK MARKET
Fine ! I'll invest my stupid $ 50 in the stock market . Okay ? HAPPY ? I'll invest my $ 50 in a company that makes NECKTIES FOR UNDERACHIEVING DOGS .
But before you do that , T - Rex , you should consider your investment goals !
Man ! !
Seriously ! This is important . You need to decide : what do you want out of your investments ? Security ? Rapid growth ?
Listen : all I want out of life is for my bank account to have 58 , 008 dollars in it , so that when I read my statement upside down , it says " BOOBS " .
Worst answer to " What do you want out of your investments " question TODAY'S CHAMPION
I just had the funniest thought ! The thought was , wouldn't it be HILARIOUS if someone thought that I was coasting on past successes ? That would be funny because it's SO not me .
SO . NOT . ME .
Well , T - Rex . . . maybe it is you a little , you know ? You do kind of talk yourself up a bit .
But I only do that when I've done something awesome - like . . . like when I built a larger - than - life statue of myself !
That was a year ago !
IT IS SEVERAL STORIES TALL . I SHOULD BE ABLE TO TALK ABOUT IT FOR LONGER THAN A DAY .
Man ! Dromiceiomimus is crazy . I've done tons of stuff !
Nobody's arguing that !
But what have you done LATELY ? I actually think that maybe you coast a bit on your past successes , T - Rex .
What ? I do not ! !
Seriously ! I do not .
Worst answer to " What do you want out of your investments " question YESTERDAY'S CHAMPION
ISLAND DWARFISM COMICS
Island dwarfism is BASICALLY the best form of evolution ever .
It's SO CUTE !
Basically , the idea is that if a species gets to an island and is then isolated , it can evolve on its own , apart from what's happening on the rest of the planet . And if food supplies are limited , as they often are on islands , smaller individuals have an evolutionary advantage since they need less food to live ! If the larger species survives at all , it usually survives by shrinking .
How much shrinkage are we talking about here ?
Oh my goodness , Utahraptor , you have no idea !
You can get dwarf ELEPHANTS . Tiny little elephants with tiny little tusks !
Yeah , but how tin -
Is a 98 % reduction in mass tiny enough for you ? Utahraptor . THEY ARE THE MAYORS OF TINY TOWNE .
EARLIER :
Hullo T - Rex , my name is " Mr . Tusks " and I'm a tiny elephant ! Someone left me on this island for too long .
Oh my goodness , Mr . Tusks ! Are you the MAYOR of Tiny Towne ?
vice - mayor
Island gigantism is a pretty okay form of evolution .
It's okay .
ISLAND GIGANTISM COMICS
So what happens here is you've got a population that's so isolated on an island , but you have plenty of food and no predators ! So smaller animals like birds and rodents that normal had to stay tiny to avoid being eaten are free from that constraint , and so they can evolve to be enormous . Giant turtles ! Giant cockroaches ! Giant birds ! The dodo started out as a pigeon .
And now , all the dodos are dead !
And now , all the dodos are dead .
That's depressing , eh ? It's the problem with island gigantism : as soon as we discover the island , we tend to either eat all the animals ourselves , or introduce new predators that find these trusting giants to be EASY PICKINS .
Yep ! It's too bad .
THAT EVENING :
Mr Tusks , do you ever get depressed thinking about all the animals we've made extinct ?
I guess I get a . . . TINY bit depressed , T - Rex !
Oh , Mr . Tusks ! how do you always know just what to say ?
I'm Just so happy that I have a new friend who is a tiny elephant . Oh my goodness , I can't say how happy that makes me . To think of all these years I was looking for happiness in RELATIONSHIPS and SOCIETY when all that I wanted . . .
. . . was a tiny elephant friend named Mr . Tusks !
Sometimes , Dromiceiomimus , in his official capacity of Vice - Mayor of Tiny Town Island , Mr . Tusks wears a tiny bowler hat . HOW IS THAT NOT ADORABLE . OH MY GOODNESS .
Tiny Towne Island ? I thought he just came from Tiny Towne .
The Towne takes up most of the island , so they share the same name ! His mailing address : ULTIMATELY ADORABLE . I love my little elephant friend !
T - Rex , aren't you being - ah , kind of racist ?
What ? How ?
It's just - every time you mention that you love Mr . Tusks , you mention that he's a tiny elephant . You treat his tiny elephant status as if it sums up his entire personality !
Utahraptor , you're right ! I need to apologize to him right away .
TINY TOWNE ISLAND :
I'm sorry but the vice mayor is out on a SMALL errand . Would you like to leave a message ?
Hah ! Will he be back SHORTLY ?
Good ol' Mr . Tusks !
THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN ETHICS AND MORALS
hey adults ! put me in your wallet !
Ethics and morals are not the same thing !
I know ! It's CRAZY . But ethics are something that you learn and study and are applied in society , while morals are more natural and instinctive . That's why you can have a low moral fibre ( they're more innate ) , but there's no ethical fibre . You can only have poor ethical training !
Amazing !
I know !
So wait - can an act then be considered immoral , but still ethical ?
Possibly ?
Honestly , this is pretty much all I know about the difference between ethics and morals , and I'm not even sure that's right .
We could find out more at our local library !
To the library ! It's this way . I'm pointing to it with my fingers .
MUCH LATER :
maybe it's this way instead
Okay , okay , so we can modify our personality , right ? We're not the same people we were when we were six years old , and part of that has to be controlled by us .
We make New Year's Resolutions for a reason !
So we've got a self - modifying system : we examine our personality , determine things we don't like , and try to make them better . But how do we decide what we don't like ? Our personality must feed into that process too ! So you've got this feedback loop that goes all the way back to when we were born and started making decisions . And it seems to me that if you changed just a tiny thing early on , you could get a completely different adult down the road !
Sensitive dependence on initial conditions ! It's chaos theory applied to personalities , right ?
Right !
Okay , some issues off just the top of my head : you haven't proven your assumption of control ( conscious or otherwise ) over personality , you seem to assume that babies are born as a blank slate with no initial personality , you leave the idea of " personality " pretty ill defined for something so central to your argument , and you haven't shown that altering behaviour ( viz . , Resolutions ) is the same as altering personality .
LATER :
how does he make his voice so small
SLANG FOR TEENS
Teens ! Are you interested in slang ?
Here is some handy slang for you , teens ! " Bad " means " good " . For example , " that rock concert was BAD ! " Further , " bogus " means " bad " , but these aren't transitive . Something that's bogus isn't good . " Bodacious " means " good " , but these aren't symmetric either . A salad might be bodacious if it's exceptional , though .
I've never had one like that .
Is there any reason why you're only doing outdated 80s slang ?
Hey , Utahraptor !
Is there any reason why you're being such a DWEEB - O - RAMA ?
OH SNAP ! Who just got burned by his best friend for some mild criticism ?
Utahraptor ! It says here that it's you ! It says right here on " BURN CHART 2007 " that you're # 1 !
A FEW MINUTES LATER :
Yep !
I've got some regrets !
A MYSTERY STORY
Once upon a time there was guy who " knocked over " ( broke into ) a bank and stole some money . Who did it ? It was a mystery . Nobody knew the answer . They all asked each other who " knocked over " the bank but nobody knew for sure .
It was this guy . He did it . T - Rex . This guy .
But the bank was evil so it was okay to steal from it . It was justified . It's like if you stole from Hitler . Would that be so bad ? Hitler would be mad if you stole from him . But , he's Hitler . There are a lot of moral grey areas in mystery stories .
Most banks aren't even evil but this one was pretty bad . Imagine the worst things you can do . I will tell you right now that this bank did them five times before breakfast .
There was a cop called Utahraptor who saw T - Rex and he chased him on foot . It was exciting . Where would the chase lead to now ?
The chase was on motorbikes for a while and then on skateboards . Then they chased on hang gliders . A bystander told his wife it was the best chase ever and she knew it was true . They were chasing on foot again when it ended . Utahraptor arrested T - Rex , but T - Rex explained how the bank was evil . The cop thought now I am torn between the law and what I believe is right . What do I do now ! Utahraptor let T - Rex go with a warning . T - Rex said thanks I have learned my lesson . The mystery was solved , except for one part : where would the spirit of adventure take T - Rex next ? ?
So ? What do you think , Pulitzer Prize - winning author Michael Chabon ?
I asked you to proofread a chapter , not to substitute your own retarded story !
I don't think you should use the word " retarded " like that , Michael Chabon .
The best part of my mystery story was obviously the chase scene . Therefore , I've written a new story -
- one that's ALL chase scene !
So Utahraptor's chasing the main character of T - Rex , right ? On foot . But then it escalates ! Soon they're chasing on jury - rigged rollerblades . Then in expensive cars that they find ! Then the cars explode , and they're thrown from the explosion straight into waiting GYROCOPTERS . And THEN , the gyrocopters crash on boats and they chase on the boats !
The boats can turn into SUBMARINES , Dromiceiomimus .
But what's the narrative ? You can't just have two people chasing each other .
YEAH 'CAUSE THAT WOULD BE SO BORING
It's awesome . There's a part where the chase takes us to outer space , on rockets ! And then after a gun fight IN ORBIT we're both in freefall back to Earth - but without parachutes and with our spacesuits rapidly heating up ! Will this fight end in victory . . . or in fiery death for us both ? FIND OUT IN MY NEXT BOOK !
The book is called , " A Plane Saved Them , And You Should Have Seen It . "
T - REX THE TALKING DINOSAUR IN :
Is it true that the content of our thoughts - their very meaning - is determined , at least in part , by our environment ?
SEMANTIC EXTERNALISM COMICS
Okay , suppose I think " I love chocochops " , which are of course delicious chocolate pork chops with a real pork chop bone . And say there's a twin Earth , completely identical - EXCEPT that there , chocochops have a different chemical makeup , but taste and look the same ! If my twin thinks " I love chocochops " , he's actually referring to the one with CRAZY CHEMICALS , while when I think that , I'm referring to a chemically different object . The environment determines our semantics !
Ah , the famous " Twin Earth " thought experiment of Hilary Putnam !
SOMEONE CAME UP WITH IT FIRST ?
Yeah , only his example was about water having a different composition on Twin Earth , instead of those hauntingly stupid chocochops you invented . The point is that both thinkers have the exact same mental state but are saying different things , and the environment is responsible for meaning there .
EPILOGUE : A FEW DAYS LATER , T - REX CALLS HIS GRANDMOTHER .
But I don't mention anything about semantic externalism !
Sometimes I like to call her just to say hello
EVERYONE I KNOW IS BECOMING VEGETARIAN
A COMIC BASED ON A TRUE STORY
MANY TRUE STORIES
Dromiceiomimus , I know you're vegetarian , but you've been vegetarian since forever . You were ahead of the curve ! But lately everyone ELSE is suddenly like , " Oh , T - Rex , I'm sorry , * I * don't eat pork chops anymore because they're way too delicious . And gosh , no , no , steaks are out too because they don't have any stupid chlorophyll in them ! "
Well & # 8212 ;
? That's what they're like !
Don't you respect vegetarians ?
I do ! MOST OF THEM .
I guess I'm not used to feeling in the minority in knowing that animals can be friends AND food ! It's not hard ! You say , " Aw , that animal is SO CUTE " and then the camera cuts away and when it cuts back they have a bite mark out of them and I look cartoonishly guilty . The end !
Hold on , I'm gonna go make that film .
THE GUY WHO KEPT TAKING BITES OUT OF ANIMALS
Once In a Lifetime Comes a Movie ( In The German Expressionist Tradition ) In Which A Dinosaur Takes Cartoony Bites out of Cows and Then Tries to Avoid Punishment for That . & # 8482 ;
" BITINGLY hilarious ! " - - Everyone ? ?
THE GUY WHO STILL KEPT TAKING BITES OUT OF ANIMALS
This Time & # 8230 ; The Farmer Is More Exasperated At All The Bites ! The Sequel To The Movie That You Saw Before .
I bet I can get AT LEAST three more movies out of this premise !
TEH GUY WHO KEPT TAKING BITES OUT OF ANIMALS - IN LOVE !
I love biting animals .
I love & # 8212 ; you !
What a great romantic comedy ! Will they get together at the end ? & # 8230 ; What if there was a musical montage ? & # 8230 ;
THE TWO GUYS WHO KEPT TAKING BITES & # 8230 ; OUT OF CRIME !
They Are Cops Now , Okay
Direct to VHS
THE TWO BITEY GUYS DISCUSS EARLY APPROACHES TOWARDS LAISSEZ - FAIRE CAPITALISM
" Five stars & # 8230 ; out of a possible FOUR ! "
" I liked all the jump cuts "
THE BITEY GUY THAT YOU LIKED FROM BEFORE IS BACK ONLY THIS TIME HE HAS A SEXY LESBIAN FRIEND
THE MOVIE
ELECTION COMICS
Oh my goodness do I ever love ELECTIONS .
You can't spell " selection " without " election " !
Not - not that really has any bearing on " selection " or " election " . I'm pretty sure they have different etymologies . In fact , I'm almost certain , especially since I've never heard of " s " alone bing used as as a prefix . So REALLY , there's no reason I'd talk about the shared spelling between " selection " and " election " unless my intent was to mislead people based on coincidental surface construction ! Huh .
THE END
ELECTION COMICS FOR REAL THIS TIME
Hey , did you vote ?
Let me answer that . . .
. . . with a " HELLS YEAH ! ! " . I voted so hard , Utahraptor . You should have seen me . I was DEMOCRACY IN ACTION . I picked up my ballot and said " HELLS YEAH ! ! " and then when I stuffed it into the ballot box , i did it with so much panache and ? lan that I can't hardly wait for the novelization .
You know what I'm sayin' , Utahraptor ? You pickin' up what I'm throwin' down ?
It's going to be one HECK of a novelization .
In verificationism , a sentence has to be verifiably true ( or false ! ) for it to be meaningful . Not bad , guys ! I think this is one philosophy that is verifiably REASONABLE .
So that's it for arguing about religion ! Can't verify faith !
In fact , that's it for a lot of debate , because how can you argue FACTS ? Most verificationist arguments must end with the parties involved looking things up in an encyclopaedia together and then firmly shaking hands .
But if they can't verify something , what do they do ?
They agree that the sentence is meaningless ! If it can't be checked , there's no use considering it , so it's ignored . Facts only please ! !
But how does anyone know what's true ?
Because . . . because of Science ?
Come on , T - Rex , you know better ! Science is about being empirically ACCURATE , which might not be the same thing as being true . Plus your senses could be lying to you , you could be a brain in a jar , etc . . If you're going to be verificationist , you're going to need a pretty impregnable definition of " truth " .
Aha ! But I can't VERIFY that my senses are liars , nor can I verify that I'm a brain in a jar ! How does THAT taste , Utahraptor ?
You can verify the science thing !
Can you just tell me how it tastes , when you put THAT in your pipe and smoke it ?
If I'm going to be verificationist , I'd better figure out what it means to say that something is true ! I'm going to start with . . . relativism !
This one is all , " Well , it's true for me ! "
Guys . Come on . This is the dumbest theory of truth . This is the theory of truth that draws tattoos on itself in blue pen and then when you ask why anyone would draw a picture on their forearm of tree , with sausages , with the words " sausage tree " beneath it , it gets mad and says " You don't understand my truth ! "
I'm - I'm personifying a little here but that's seriously what relativism does .
What about fascist truth , where something is true because those with power say it's true ?
Again - ultra dumb !
What I want is a theory of truth that's incontrovertible . In fact , I don't want even a THEORY of truth ! I want a fact of truth .
You're not going to get it ! There's like 20 trillion theories , but no facts .
Oh YEAH ? ? We'll see about that !
TWENTY TRILLION THEORIES OF TRUTH LATER :
Well God , I guess it really just goes to show you that there's many different competing ideas about what " true " really means !
UH HUH
And THAT'S the truth !
UH HUH
Wait , I know some truths that are absolute : mathematical truths ! How could I have been so blind ?
It is a FACT that one plus one equals two !
All I need is a way to convert mathematical truths to the real world and I WILL NEVER BE WRONG AGAIN !
Um - I'm sorry to break it to you , T - Rex , but mathematical truths aren't absolute either . Math is built on a priori assumptions : you start with a few things that you assume are true and build on them ! Stuff like " 1 + 2 is the same as 2 + 1 " . Then you build up a mathematical system around that , but that doesn't mean math is true . It's just - consistent !
But . . . 1 + 2 IS the same as 2 + 1 !
Or so you think , T - Rex !
Damn my potentially - flawed senses !
When our mathematical assumptions APPEAR to match up with reality , the results may also seem to apply - but math isn't any more " true " because of that ! It's still based on unproven / unprovable assumptions . And you can actually build up systems where you decide that 1 + 2 does not equal 2 + 1 , and they're just as consistent !
LATER :
Attention , everyone I've ever met and ever will meet ! Never mention the " flawed senses " idea again , okay ? It prevents me from knowing absolute truth .
SURE THING , T - REX !
Patrick Stewart ! What are you doing here ?
um , being BORED
I have gone too far " down the rabbit hole " and am reduced to being sure only of my own thoughts , and even then some other chump could be projecting them into my head . To that I say : " whatEVER ! "
People do fine with approximations !
So what if truth is a platonic ideal that can't be reached ? I'm fine with that ! When someone says to me , " T - Rex , your birthday is this Saturday , " will I demand they prove it ? No . I will say " wicked sweettimes " and then I would say " what did you get me " and then I would say " I bet it's so awesome " and that will be that .
Hey , your birthday really is this Saturday !
See ? It's true !
OR , it's close enough to true that we all agree on it . Brains in jars don't get birthdays ! This is the reality I'm living in , and if it's not real then OH WELL , at least we'll all be eating ice cream cake come Saturday . You know ?
I hear you !
Hey , T - Rex ! This ice cream cake is delicious !
Thanks ! Don't you think it tastes like . . . philosophical compromise ?
Only a little !
But you can hardly taste it , eh ?
What if . . . what if I had the BEST HOUSE EVER this Hallowe'en ?
T - Rex ! This house is SPOOK - TACULAR !
Guys , I totally know ! !
I must make this dream come true ! But HOW ?
What if you made your house spiritually scary , T - Rex ? Like , instead of a corpse , a mannequin of a woman who is realizing that she has married badly .
Not bad ! And I could have a spooky tape , but instead of chainsaws and screams , I'd have the voice of a man quietly dictating memories of his youth , knowing Alzheimer's will rob him of them soon .
But these ideas won't be scary for passers - by !
Sure they will !
They need explanation ! The best scares are like the best art , where you get it viscerally , without a little placard beneath it that says " OKAY . SO . WHAT'S GOING ON HERE IS ALZHEIMER'S . "
Man , you just wait ! Kids will be boarding the train to SCARYTOWNE at my house .
HALLOWE'EN NIGHT :
Mister , why is that man talking about when he was a kid ?
Because he's got a disease that robs him of his memories , relationships and identity . It is death before death .
Oooh , what scary costumes !
JANUARY :
Ah , the start of a brand new year . There's so much potential ! What could possibly go wrong ?
FEBRUARY :
Stood up on Valentine's day ?
MARCH :
Stood up on ST . PATRICK'S DAY ? !
Aww , T - Rex , we can still hang out and drink green beer !
Thanks , Dromiceiomimus . But man , who stands someone up on St . Patrick's day ? BESIDES MY DATE , THAT IS ! !
MAY :
I CAN'T BELIEVE I WAS STOOD UP AGAIN , TODAY , ON CINCO DE MAYO .
Aww , T - Rex ! It'll be okay !
SEPTEMBER :
Remember my St . Patrick's Day date ? The woman who stood me up ?
Yep !
TODAY IS LABOUR DAY ( LABOR DAY IN THE UNITED STATES ) AND SHE STOOD ME UP AGAIN .
DECEMBER :
You know , besides being stood up all the time , it wasn't actually that bad a year !
You know how in stories , whenever a character has the chance , he always decides that it's too dangerous to know too much about his own future ?
Um , I would like to know too much , please !
Knowing who I marry , knowing where I end up living - all of these would be great timesavers !
Yeah , but then you'd lose the hoy of living your own life ! There'd be no more surprises .
Okay , knowing just one thing , then . Going through life knowing that no matter what , I'm going to win the lottery , for example !
Or , knowing that no matter what , you're NEVER going to win the lottery !
Also good !
I just want one little tidbit , you know ?
Okay - um , NO MATTER WHAT , one day you're going to . . . eat a whole pif ?
Man I coulda told you that ! I accidentally almost ate a whole pig at breakfast , you know ?
T - REX ONE DAY YOU'RE GOING TO PUNCH AN ATTACKING BEAR IN THE SOLAR PLEXUS AND THEN HE'LL BEND OVER IN PAIN AND THEN YOU'LL ELBOW HIM IN THE BACK
Oh my goodness !
My future ! It's . . . it's so AWESOME . . .
THINGS TO SAY WHEN SOMEONE HAS BROKEN UP WITH YOU
Sometimes , someone will break up with you . Aw snaps ! What do you say to THAT ?
Here are some things you can say to that !
" It's okay , sweetie ! I'm sure one day you'll find someone ALMOST as good as me ! "
" Would you also break up with a rocket skateboard ? BECAUSE THOSE WOULD BE GREAT . LIKE ME . I AM GREAT . "
" You can't fire me , baby ! I quit ! "
" Don't you think you should have settled while you were ahead ? "
" What if your next boyfriend is uglier ? "
" Honestly though , I will always treasure the time we had together . I liked who I was with you - who we were together - and I hope we'll both be able to take that with us in the future . You've changed me and you're a part of who I am . I know our relationship will be different now , but I can't imagine ever not loving you . "
" Oh , were we dating ? "
Wouldn't it be funny if I planted A FAKE GRAVE for future generations to discover ?
YES .
Why , yes , it would !
What I'm going to do is get a construction crew to put a skeleton , wearing workman's clothes , RIGHT IN MY HOUSE'S WALLS . Then , when my house is torn down in the future , the deconstruction crew will wonder which of their unlucky cousins faced such a grim demise !
But where are you going to get a skeleton ?
From . . . the internet ?
LATER :
Forget you , internet ! Your skeletons cost like $ 6000 !
$ 6000 for a plastic skeleton ?
Well , no , a real one . But if I use a fake one the prank will be found out too soon !
Not if you chemically touch it up . It should withstand scrutiny long enough to make the news !
SERIOUSLY ? ?
A FEW WEEKS LATER :
I get to spend the rest of my life being in on a great joke , and knowing that after I'm dead some honest tradespeople are going to be spooked , then intrigued , then cheezed off at me !
Not bad !
God , guess what I'M going to do today !
UM PLANT MORE FAKE GRAVES
Indeed ! !
Fake graves . . . for EVERYONE !
One of them will be a dude with the remains of a time machine , and I'm gonna put him down at the Permian - Triassic boundary ( the greatest extinction event EVER , in which 95 % of all marine species and 70 % of all land life became extinct ) ! I'm gonna make it look like this guy's time machine was responsible . It'll be all there in his notebook . " My time machine accidentally blew up and is responsible for the mass extinctions . Frig . "
All of this will go in Dromiceiomimus's back yark , which I forgot to ask permission about !
And in mine ?
Utahraptor , in YOUR back yard I'd like to bury a skeleton , but I'm also gonna give him some extra fingers and also we'll cover him in feathers . People will say " Who was this Incredible Feathered Bird Man with all the crazy fingers ? Was he - was he a GOD ? "
'Kay !
LATER , ON TINY - TOWNE ISLAND !
Tell me honestly , Mr . Tusks : do you think my grave pranks are DEFINITELY the most awesome ideas you've ever heard ?
I think they're a . . . TINY bit awesome , T - Rex !
Mr . Tusks . . . are you just saying that for the pun ?
Cargo cults are religions that have developed during World War II in island tribal societies exposed to the West ! Islanders saw planes delivering amazing and valuable cargo to the troops , and believed it to be divine .
KARGO KULT KOMICS
During the war , the islanders would see this cargo going to the troops and would grow to believe that the gods meant it for them - that the white people were just getting it sooner because of their influential rituals . And of couse , after the war ended and the troops left , the cargo stopped being dropped too .
So what happened then ?
The islanders started mimicking what they'd seen the troops doing !
The result was ersatz marches , imitation airstrips and walkie talkies made out of wood and bamboo , and even torch signal flares , used to signal divine planes that never come !
Wow ! It recasts Western military culture and tools as religious practice and iconography , respectively !
I know ! It's CRAZY ! Not in the pejorative sense , but in the more esoteric " Holy crap the Prime Directive on Star Trek was RIGHT " sense of crazy . It's a very particular sense of crazy but I'm feeling it right now !
I'm feeling it right now too , and I don't even watch nerd shows ! !
What if - what if I started my OWN cargo cult ?
NO THAT IS NOT ALLOWED
Aw man ! You say that for ALL the awesome stuff .
EARLIER :
What if I put chocolate sauce in my iced tea ?
DON'T DO IT
I'm gonna ! !
EARLIER :
What if I started my OWN waterslide , but put a fine layer of gasoline on top , and then lit it , so that when you slide you could slide through FIRE ( EXTREME ! ! ) , but then if it got too hot , you'd just have to go underwater to " cool down " ?
NO
I'd give you a FREE pass !
GONNA HAVE TO STICK WITH NOPERS HERE
What if I made . . . carbonated CARBON ?
That's a terrible idea !
It doesn't even make sense . If you carbonate a solid the best you're gonna get is a solid with carbon dioxide bubbles in it . And if you've done that you've probably come up with Swiss cheese , so upon closer inspection I think this is a great idea as I would actually like some Swiss cheese , please .
CAN I GET SOME TOO
HALLOWE'EN JOKES FOR CHILDREN
AND ADULTS
I GUESS
HALLOWE'EN JOKES FOR CHILDREN AND ADULTS
Dromiceiomimus ! Which kind of street does a ghost love best ?
Which ?
A DEAD END !
Oh my goodness !
I know ! Should you laugh . . . OR RUN IN TERROR ?
HALLOWE'EN JOKES FOR PEOPLE INTERESTED IN LEARNING MORE ABOUT BATS
Hey Utahraptor ! Why don't bats live alone ?
I don't know , T - Rex ! Why DON'T bats live alone ?
Because they prefer to hang out with their friends !
Bats are nocturnal mammals who can hang upside down while resting .
GENERATIVE HALLOWE'EN JOKES
What kind of pie do ghosts like ?
BOOberry !
Where do ghosts go on vacation ?
Mali - BOO !
Why do ghosts hate slavery ?
Because . . . they're aBOOlitionists ?
Homophones are words that SOUND the same but mean different things , like " news " and " gnus " . Way to go only part way , HOMOPHONES .
Don't bother showing up to my dinner party , HOMOPHONES .
More impressive , and still invited for Yukon Potato Gnocchi , are words that are SPELT the same , but have two different meanings : words like " attribute " ( to credit something to someone ) and " attribute " ( a property of something ) ! One's a noun and one's a verb and it's seriously so awesome . I cannot imagine how to perfect these words , as they are already perfect ! Oh ho ho !
But are there really a lot of these words ?
Utahraptor ! Let's be serious !
Are you not familiar with accent ? Or with addict , combine , conduct , conflict , content , and object ? PERHAPS YOU'D ALSO LIKE TO SAY HELLO TO PERFECT , PRESENT , PROGRESS , REFUND , SUSPECT , AND UPSET ?
Okay .
Okay . Well . They're at my dinner party tonight .
LATER THAT EVENING .
Man ! I've got to start inviting REAL people to my parties .
WAIT WHAT
LATE LAST NIGHT :
T - REX HAVE YOU EVER HEARD OF HOMOGRAPHIC HOMOPHONIC AUTANTONYMS
I have not !
OKAY SO HERE'S WHAT THEY'RE LIKE
THIS MORNING :
Sorry , other word classes ! I have a NEW girlfriend now !
A homographic homophonic autantonym is a word that is spelt AND pronounced the same , but has two opposite and contradictory meanings ! For example , I can dust a crop ( adding pesticides to it ) , or I can dust a counter ( removing dust from it ) ! Way to go , dust ! You are a winner ; you are a word that contains multitudes .
Why do we let language get like this ?
Probably because we want it to be incredibly awesome ?
And both " dust " s are the same part of speech there , too , so you can't use word order to determine meaning !
INDEED !
ALL YOU CAN DO is hope to use your real - world knowledge about crops and tables to figure out what's going on . And it's even worse with words like " overlook " , meaning " examine " but ALSO meaning " miss noticing entirely " . Can't rely on the noun there !
How come you love words that make communication difficult ?
What is not to like ? They're words that do their job in the most sarcastic , sullen , passive - aggressive way possible , and they totally get away with it !
I just want to pat them on the head and ruffle their hair , you know ?
He's Just Not That Into You ? Come on . I can write a better self - help book for people who want cold - hard yet charmingly sassy relationship advice !
Probably !
HE'S JUST NOT THAT INTO YOUR RAMBLEY STORIES
they go on for SO long and we all get tired
HE'S JUST NOT THAT INTO WOMEN WHO REMIND HIM OF HIS MOTHER
Personality - Wise ? Maybe It's Your Body .
HE'S A TOTAL JERK BUT YOU GET MAD AT US IF WE SAY THAT
so this book is about dinosaurs instead
happy anniversary
HE BROKE UP WITH YOU BECAUSE HE DIDN'T WANT TO BE WITH YOU
he didn't dial the wrong number and then break up with you because he thought you were somebody else with the same name that he no longer wanted to be cheating on you with , is the thing
YOUR BODY NO LONGER EXCITES HER
the book !
SHE'S JUST NOT THAT INTO YOU , MAN
Probably She's Attracted To Men Who Are Different From You In Some Way
What The Heck , Right ?
who the heck does she think she is
HE'S JUST NOT THAT INTO YOU & # 8230 ; R TASTE IN MUSIC
don't worry DON'T WORRY everything else is FINE
IN MY LAST BOOK I SAID HE'S JUST NOT INTO YOUR TASTE IN MUSIC BUT WHAT I ACTUALLY WANTED TO TELL YOU WAS THAT HE'S & # 8212 ; HE'S GREAT
he's a real catch and um , you should get married
" tie the knot "
ha ha
THE MAN WHO KISSED A WOMAN BECAUSE HIS FRIEND AT WORK KEPT TEASING HIM ABOUT NOT KISSING ANYONE FOR A WHILE
sure showed HIM
HE DOESN'T CALL BECAUSE IT'S LONG DISTANCE AND HE HAS CRIPPLING DEBT
you know those stock photos of a man with scissors cutting up his credit cards because he has too much debt ? that was him !
THAT DOES NOT ERASE YOUR DEBT , MAN WITH SCISSORS
MY LAST BOOK WAS MORE ABOUT FINANCIAL ADVICE THAN RELATIONSHIPS
WHY DO YOU PEOPLE KEEP BUYING T - REX'S RELATIONSHIP BOOKS
is it because he's on the cover ? that's the only reason i can think of
WELL HERE HE IS
a book by utahraptor
WHAT
Dromiceiomimus , Utahraptor put me on his friggin' book ! It's got me on the cover and it makes me look like I wrote it even though the title is just pure sass . It is pure SASSY MOLASSY .
Um , why don't you talk to him about it ?
I will ! Right after I stomp on a few things to work off my anger , that is !
Hey buddy !
UTAHRAPTOR .
The mere sight of you has returned my anger ! Why did you put out that book ?
What book ?
SOMEONE put out sass - ass book , and said it was by Utahraptor !
It wasn't me , man ! Let me see . Maybe there's a club to who really did it .
THAT LAST BOOK WAS PUT OUT BY DROMICEIOMIMUS , NOT BY ME OR UTAHRAPTOR
what the heck , dromiceiomimus
when will we pick up the phone to talk about this rather than going through publishing companies , is my question
All I've got to show for the past week is a bunch of books that nobody is ever going to read !
LET'S ALL TAKE STOCK OF THE PAST WEEK COMICS
All I've got to show for the past week is a book I published as part of a practical joke that I really enjoyed ! Also I made a delicious meal , but that's gone now . I'm experimenting with eggplant .
Not bad ! I wish I could have tried it !
Next time !
All I've got to show for the past week is a kick - ass scar !
What ? ! When did you get that ?
I got it when I fell rocket skating after hang - gliding off a mountain and landing in waiting rocket skates ! I hit a bump after a few kilometers .
Man , I missed out on ROCKET SKATING because I was writing books ? That sucks ! That -
That SUCKS .
ALL I'VE GOT TO SHOW FOR THE PAST WEEK IS A POCKET UNIVERSE I CREATED WHERE EVERYONE FINISHES EVERY SENTENCE WITH " TO THE MAX "
Well at least THAT sounds totally awesome to the max !
YEAH
SAVE IT FOR THE POCKET UNIVERSE MAN
So this homeless guy asked me for change yesterday .
The first thing I thought was , " Sure ! "
But then I thought , well , wait , if I really want to fight homelessness , wouldn't this money be better spent on community programs that fight it , both through helping the homeless , and through political change ? But then I thought , well , this guy's right here , you know , and saying that I'm going to make a donation isn't gonna cut it . And then I thought , wait , this guy looks pretty out of it - is he going to spend my money on drugs ? Do I want to tacitly support his addiction ?
And then you thought how prejudiced that was ?
Sure did !
And then I thought , even if he is going to spend it on drugs , is it my job to deny him money ? Should I go around enforcing my morality on others ? And then I thought , geez man , how ridiculous am I that a guy asking for change throws me into these throes of self - doubt and analysis ?
Pretty ridiculous ?
Pretty ridiculous ! But then I recalled Socrates " The unexamined life is not worth living " and at that point my head pretty much exploded .
Did you give the guy anything ?
I gave him my change and whispered " DON'T TELL ANYONE UNTIL I CAN FIGURE US OUT " ?
MEANWHILE , IN THE UNIVERSE WHERE ALL PROVERBS ARE SLIGHTLY DIFFERENT :
My bike broke because I had maintained it poorly . But you know what they say !
" 200 kilotons of prevention is worth 3200 kilotons of cure ! "
They also say , " An apple a day keeps the doctor in his house . Look : the doctor has no clients . "
Further , T - Rex , they go on to observe that " One bad apple spreads decay to other apples stored nearby . An entire barrel can easily be ruined in this manner . "
It's SO TRUE .
Hey , have you noticed how our proverbs are - a little awkward ?
Now that you mention it , I have !
It's like they're all poorly - phrased versions of things that could be condensed down . Like , " You are what you ingest , figuratively , and , in a sense , literally ! " It's just weird .
You'd expect that over time they'd condense down to their core meanings . But I guess that's our friggin' universe for you !
LATER , A LONG TRAIN RIDE HOME :
" If there was a singular Dickens who had to pee , I would be SO like him right now . "
Who was the dude sitting alone at the biggest table in a packed restaurant last night , waiting for friends who never came ? It was ME !
Friiiiiig !
But it's tonight that we're all planning to meet for dinner !
I know ! I got the dates confused and there I was , Mr . No Friends Who Likes To Pretend . After about 30 minutes I started smiling at people who'd look at me and make this shrugging " Friends , huh ? They sure are unreliable ! " gesture , which I'd then follow up with a " I have lots of friends : hand signal . Looks like this .
So you were That Guy at the restaurant !
I was ! But then I started trying to own it , you know ?
I ordered this big appetizer platter " for my friends when they arrive " and distributed it so there was food for everyone , slowly picking at my share while the rest went cold . It was great . I perfected this heart - breakingly hopeful glance up whenever new people came it .
Oh man !
Eventually I just stopped looking up at all , blankly staring at the chicken wing bones on my plate . Finally I ordered a piece of cake with a candle and sang " Happy birthday " to myself , quiet and soft .
The waitress gave me the cake for free !
I have the greatest idea for a movie ! I've said this before but this time it's for serious . There's this cop , right ?
Right !
And he's a " by - the - books " cop who does everything " by - the - books " . But one day a big crime is committed and the only guy who knows anything about it is this criminal : a criminal who is prone to cracking wise ! So the cop and the criminal have to team up to stop the bad guys before they commit crimes again . And at the end they have learned to respect each other's way of life , and they hug for a while . Five stars !
Aw , T - Rex , come on . Why would a " by - the - books " cop team up with a criminal ?
Um , TO SOLVE CRIMES ? ?
But he's by the books ! I don't think there's anything in the " books " about deputizing criminals to go after other criminals . Why wouldn't he just interrogate him to get the information he needs ?
. . . The movie takes place on a planet where interrogation is banned .
On a PLANET where INTERROGATION is BANNED
One " BY THE BOOKS " COP and one WISE - CRACKING CRIMINAL have to TEAM UP to CATCH OTHER CRIMINALS
they eventually UNDERSTAND each other and HUG
also the cop is a DINOSAUR we should have put that on the TOP of the POSTER
So Columbus discovers America , right ? Or at least , he REdiscovers the continent . He discovers it for Europe . Maybe not for the first time .
Columbus popularizes the continent !
And afterwards , what happens is what cooks call the " Columbian explosion " , where fruits and vegetables brought back from the new world have a profound effect on the cooking in the old one ! Tomatoes and potatoes are but two of the best - rhyming examples . When people back home discovered these vegetables , they started experimenting with them and coming up with all sorts of crazy , YET DELICIOUS , dishes ! The Columbian explosion was an explosion of TASTE .
And now , Italian food is basically defined by the tomato !
Exactly !
And we don't think " Irish cooking " without " potato " , and South Korean food is big on Western peppers too ! It must have been an exciting time , trying these new meals that nobody on the continent had ever tasted .
And they were SO GOOD , they supplemented or replaced existing cultural dishes !
It makes me wish we could have something like that , you know ? I'm TIRED of the same old vegetables .
I COULD CREATE SOME NEW ONES
And I'm TIRED of God offering to create new vegetables for me .
TO THAT I CAN ONLY SAY
BOLLOCKS
Okay MAYBE there were some downsides to the Columbian explosion . The old world got tomatoes and potatoes , AND corn and peanuts , AND rubber , AND cocoa , and in exchange gave the new world . . . lettuce ?
And also horses !
And also the cholera and influenza and bubonic plague and typhoid fever , and um , smallpox . So basically the world got this explosion of new and tasty times , but also this exchange of disease , and just about every culture on Earth was affected . But what's neat is that we can look forward to the same thing if we ever encounter alien life !
Except it's unlikely that we'd be vulnerable to their diseases .
Well . . . MAYBE .
But we don ; t know anything about alien life ! Maybe they'll look just like us AND share diseases with us , but with pointier ears . And logic ?
Or maybe they'll look like us , but , you know , ten times sexier . Everyone on Earth will feel bad about their bodies for the rest of time !
MEANWHILE IN THE UNIVERSE WHERE THIS HAS HAPPENED :
maybe . . .
maybe i should get me some clothes
" We Need Leaders Who Actually Understand Technology . " Ahem . Amelia and Antonio Tony stood in the bedroom . They were going to have sex ! This is how things looked like they were going to me , the omniscient third - person narrator : sexy times ahoy .
'We need leaders who actually understand technology , ' muttered Amelia !
Antonio Tony nodded curtly , taking off his pants . It was so obvious . Amelia locked eyes with Antonio , paused , and took off her shirt . Antonio smiled appreciatively . 'There are so many bad laws passed through a misunderstanding of how computers actually work , ' he thought . Amelia's breasts were pretty great . Antonio was hot too but THIS omniscient third - person narrator is into the ladies .
Writing more erotica , I see !
This one's new ! It's POLITICALLY CHARGED .
" Soon Antonio and Amelia had sex and it was great . They decided they had a pretty good time . Suddenly , you find yourself agreeing . . . We Need Leaders Who Actually Understand Technology ! "
It's written in the second person ?
In parts . Isn't it great ?
The book's slogan is , " Think Like Me , While You're Imagining Sex . "
T - REX'S EROTICA IS EXTREMELY POPULAR !
Sweet !
BUT NOW , HE HAS A REPUTATION AS A PORN GUY .
Aw boo !
It sucks , Dromiceiomimus ! People stop me in the street and say " I love your work " , and what do you say to that ? " I'm glad you found my stories arousing " ? Because that's - that's what I say .
Well , you're making people happy , and that's something , right ?
I say " I'm glad you found my stories arousing " and I shake their hand and I smile and stare at them for a long , unblinking moment .
Wow , so people really liked it ! You're a celebrity !
Yeah , but A SEX celebrity ! It stinks !
I mean , and don't take this the wrong way , but I thought your erotica was pretty terrible ! But I'm realizing I was approaching it expecting , you know , naughty tales , but your audience must have found something else they liked there !
So maybe they DON'T like it for the sex !
UM I LIKE IT FOR THE SEX T - REX
LAH LAH LAH LAH LAH I can't hear you LAH LAH LAH what does God need with erotica anyway LAH LAH LAH LAH don't answer that LAH LAH LAH
I would like to get thoughtful Christmas presents for all my friends and family , but I have a problem .
I am just not that thoughtful a person !
WHOOPS ?
the end
A FEW WEEKS LATER AT THE MALL , T - REX TRIES A DIFFERENT TACK .
Hey , Utahraptor , if your house was on fire , what one possession would you want to save ?
My photo album , I guess ?
NO , I meant like , what replaceable , CONSUMER ELECTRONICS possession would you want to save ? Also , you can't already have the possession .
Aw , T - Rex ! I don't want to just tell you to buy me something .
Is in an MP3 player ? Look , they have MP3 players here !
Aren't you always saying how you wish you could play your MP3s ?
FRUSTRATION COMICS
I have never been more frustrated than I am right now ! I'm so frustrated I'm - I'm gonna write a swear on a wall !
SOON :
There ! It says : " poo " .
THE END
FRUSTRATION COMICS II
I'm frustrated again !
Me too !
I'm frustrated at my bank because they're all a bunch of sucker chumps ! What are you frustrated at ?
I'm frustrated at my apparent inability to have a serious conversation about feelings without making jokes about how ridiculous all feelings are ever !
Not that frustrated , though . I wrote " poo " on a wall !
Man , I hear that !
If someone says something is " a whale of a good time " , I'm expecting to see some marine life .
Guys ! I am not alone in this !
The phrase has been ruined bye people making the obvious stupid joke . Now it's only used by zoos featuring whales , or by dads , when then are taking their kids to visit zoos featuring whales . It's also used by marine biologists , and dads , when they are taking their kids to visit marine biologists . IT'S NOT EVEN A GOOD JOKE ! You are using the word " whale " when talking about a whale . That's not comedy ! That's a literal use of adjectives .
So you don't want to see marine life when someone says " a whale of a good time " ?
Not always !
It should mean " a good time that is large or immense : METAPHORICALLY like a whale " , but the metaphor's broken because it's always used on literal friggin' whales . " Dog - gone great " is getting there too . But Im gonna fight it , one person at a time !
Well - - good luck !
Later , on a whale - watching tour :
Wow , I'm having a WHA -
YOU ARE HAVING AN ELEPHANT OF A GOOD TIME .
You know what ? I think I am !
Has there ever been a situation in which a tiger has eaten a penguin ?
And then the penguin is all , " DANG " ?
But those two animals would never meet in real life , right ?
Right ! So that leaves us , the dinosaurs , to introduce the two species and watch one of them get gobbled ! Have we done that ? Or have we been shirking our Decadent Tops of the Food Chain responsibility of Unnatural Carnivore Pairings ?
I don't get why you're so interested in this !
PROBABLY because it's really interesting ?
I just figure it's a pretty short list of animals that haven't been eaten by a tiger , you know ? And I don't know how many people have had the pleasure of seeing something eat something that that something has never eaten before , but I'd like to be one of those people .
But penguins are so cute !
SOON :
Hey , who put the penguin in the tiger pit ? !
Whoever he is , I bet he's handsome !
Aw FRIG , now the penguin has eaten the tiger !
THERE'S A REASON WE KEEP THEM SEPARATED , EVERYONE
What would be the best thing for me to do tonight ? As I see it , I could do the dishes , or I could mop the floors , or I GUESS that I could invent an elixir that gives me the strength of twenty men .
LATER :
Or I guess I could do all three !
THE NEXT MORNING :
And that's the amazing true story of how I invented my elixir , Dromiceiomimus .
And it really works ? It gives you the strength of twenty men ?
ALMOST . It actually gives me the strength of twenty girlfriends !
They're tough girlfriends .
I'm uh , I'm still not really solid on what the elixir does .
Strength ! 20 girlfriends !
Yeah , I get that ! So , what : the mental strength , self - confidence and I guess time - management skills intrinsic to having twenty girlfriends ?
No . What ? I don't know how to explain it better . If twenty girlfriends can lift up a car then I can lift up that car too .
SPECIAL " A SOFTER WORLD " ENDING :
with the strength of 20 girlfriends I can lift up cars
i can juggle pianos
so i really don't see how winning your heart requires 21
Hello , is Utahraptor there ?
Nope ! He's still asleep .
He slumbers still ? !
When he arises , inform him his friend Doug would have words with him .
Sure thing ?
BACKSTORY : UTAHRAPTOR WAS CRASHING ON THE COUCH LAST NIGHT BECAUSE IT WAS LATE AND HE DIDN'T WANT TO TAKE A CAB HOME . ALSO , DOUG KNEW ABOUT THIS . DOUG IS A FRIEND OF UTAHRAPTOR'S . HE CALLED ON SPEAKERPHONE . T - REX IS SPENDING THIS PANEL SASSING THE WAY DOUG TALKS BUT LOOK AT ME . I NARRATED ALL OVER IT .
LATER :
I don't see why you're making fun of Doug !
He talks like a 1920s villain !
So , whatever ! He talks like he's a 1920s serial villain . We all have idiolects . For example , you're a man who says " dude " and " awsome " in places where he could instead simply say " chap " and " I say , that's quite agreeable . "
Yeah , but chap , you know what I don't say ?
I don't say , " He slumbers still ? Alack ! One thousand curses ! When the Sandman's spell at last lies vanquished at his feet , give him good heed : Doug has come calling . "
Maybe you should though .
I know , right ?
Oh man ! I've just had an elephant of a good idea !
TOUCH - o - vision !
Smell - o - vision has been tried , and vision and hearing are taken care of , but two senses remain yet untapped ! Taste - o - vision sounds disgusting , but - there's so much potential for touch - o - vision !
Like what ?
Like it's a boxing movie , and whenever the underdog hero gets punched , you get punched ! You'd start to think , " MAN , I hope that guy wins ! Then I'd get punched less ! "
This - you know this is a terrible idea , right ?
I admit only that there are issues .
Issues ! You're building a robotic punching machine that can punch a whole room of people at once ! What if the elderly were in the audience ? What if it was calibrated wrong and punched through a guy ?
Ooh , what if ? What if ? Here's a what if for you : WHAT IF I MAKE A MILLION DOLLARS ?
TESTING THE PUNCHING MACHINE :
Ow ! What the hell , Punchbot ?
ERROR 14 : I LIKE PUNCHING
I know it's terrible , and I know many people are like this . But I can't deny it any longer ! I am that guy !
I am that guy who goes to stand up comedy and thinks , " MAN , I could TOTALLY do that ! "
And I know the best comics just make it look easy and I know it's hard to get a room full of strangers to laugh , but NEVERTHELESS , I am utterly convinced that I could do it .
So then , do it T - Rex ! Write some material , sign up for an amateur night , and do it !
You know what ? I will !
Are you serious ? You're serious about this ?
Yep !
Then count me in too . I've always kinda wanted to try that , and even if we bomb , it will at least be fun !
Exactly ! And if we get some friends in the audience , at least THEY can laugh .
We've got to go write some material !
FOR THE NEXT THREE WEEKS :
Huh ! Instead of writing " I rode a horse " , I wrote " I wrode a horse " !
I COULD USE THIS IN MY ACT .
You know what would be the worst ? Meeting someone who was ACTUALLY NAMED " Al Coholic " .
And he actually IS an alcoholic !
And he hasn't changed his name and he hates it and he drinks all the time . And everyone laughs when they hear his name , and then they get to know him and discover his illness and they feel awful . They begin to wonder if their laughter makes him drink .
But why wouldn't he just go by " Albert " ? Or " Alberto " ?
Maybe he's searching for an answer to that question , Dromiceiomimus . . . at the bottom of a bottle .
T - Rex , come on , this is ultra dumb .
I'm just saying ! It would be the worst .
If you were his friend you'd always say " Come on Al , stop drinking , change your name . At least go by your middle name . " And then he'd take a swig from the bottle , wipe his mouth with the back of his hand , and tell you his middle name is " Choc " .
And then he'd eat a chocolate ?
He probably would ! Man !
Poor Al !
I've never felt worse for inventing someone !
I am a guy who likes to keep his hopes and dreams SECRET . This is because , if I fail to achieve them , then only I know that I screwed up !
Works for me !
It's like , say I tell everyone I want to be an astronaut , right ? And now it's 20 years later and I'm not an astronaut and it's some stupid " what have you done with your life " reunion and everyone's like " HEY T - REX , HOW'S THE ASTRONAUT LIFESTYLE ? IS IT - IS IT PRETTY ACHIEVEABLE ? "
I'd much rather they say , " What did T - Rex say he wanted to be ? I can't recall ! I bet it's what he is now , though . "
But everyone wanted to be an astronaut !
Perhaps !
But not everyone wanted to , say , be in a committed relationship and own a house before they were 25 .
Hah ! You wanted that ?
SEE ? SEE ? This is why I keep my hopes and dreams to myself .
SECRETLY
it would be great if one day i rode in a hot air balloon and threw down candy at people so they liked me more .
aw , who am i kidding ?
folks will just make fun
Hypothesis : all movie titles can be made better by the addition of the word " Friggin' " .
Proff by selected examples !
Back To The Friggin' Future !
Bill And Ted's Excellent Friggin' Adventure ; The Ten Friggin' Commandments ; Honey , I Shrunk The Friggin' Kids !
What about Gone With The Friggin' Wind , Casa - Friggin' - Blanca , and It's A Friggin' Wonderful Life ?
Some Like It Friggin' Hot ?
Come on , this is all the same joke !
DENIED !
There is nuance , subtlety in the placement of the Friggin' . Contrast and compare The Friggin' Sound of Music ; Guess Who's Coming to Friggin' Dinner ; Big Friggin' Trouble in Little Friggin' China ; and Yes , Virginia , There Is A Friggin' Santa Claus .
Okay , I think I get it !
Pride and Friggin' Prejudice .
Right on !
Look Who's Friggin' Talking !
Yes ! !
FRIGGIN' THE GHOSTBUSTERS !
. . . You're doing it wrong .
IT'S WEDNESDAY ! HOW ARE YOUR RELATIONSHIPS
I would rate my relationships :
Pretty okay !
My relationships are fine too ! I broke up with the guy I was dating , but it's cool .
What was the reason ?
He punned too often ? And they weren't even , like , good puns . They were always the same puns .
Sometimes you want to eat corn without hearing how corny it is .
This is what I'm saying !
My relationships are fine too !
How Are They ?
WELL , I've been seeing this new guy , and it's nice . We went out to a movie last night and he held my hand when the lights went down . It was classy ! And things are good with you ?
Yep ! Let me tell you man , these days when the phone rings , I think it might be a girl !
LOOKS LIKE THIS :
I have recently acquired some snake oil , and it has inspired me to compile a list of professions that have been ruined by lexicalized phrases !
First : snake oil salesmen !
Since the phrase now means " con artist " , nobody wants to be a snake oil salesman ! But I presume there was a point when a man could procure some snake oil and go door - to - door selling it , and maybe those guys wrecked it for the rest of us . Maybe they were all chumps . MAYBE they were all , in fact , SUPERCHUMPS .
That may actually be the case !
I knew it ! !
Yeah , early Western entrepreneurs tried to duplicate the successful Chinese snake oil they saw , but it failed to recognize the reason it had SOME effect was Chinese water snakes are high in eicosapentaenic acid , an anti inflammatory agent ! Western snakes aren't , and so their medicine didn't work .
But they sold it anyway , often as a universal panacea !
PANACEA ? ! THAT'S THE SECRET WORD OF THE DAY !
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
OH MY GOD . I just realized that yesterday when Utahraptor said " universal panacea " , he was using a pleonasm !
( Pleonasm is the use of redundant , unnecessary words to express an idea ! )
Hah hah ! This is Utahraptor : " Hey , T - Rex , do you want to drink some cola - flavoured Coca - Cola brand carbonated cola beverages ? Perhaps afterwards we'll take the public transport large road vehicle bus and buy with money or credit some submarine sub sandwiches ? "
That's TOTALLY HIM , Domiceiomimus !
IT WAS A STYLISTIC CHOICE !
Sorry ? Could your vocal chords and mouth repeat that ?
Pleonasms have legitimate uses ! For example , if I wasn't sure my audience ( YOU , T - Rex ) would know what " panacea " meant , I might use a similar word , allowing you to deduce some of my semantics without needing an explanation .
Maybe after the subs sandwiches we could go to a water lake beach shore ?
We could go to the water lake beach shore in our water lake beach shore swimming shorts for swimming ? In water ?
You know what ? FINE .
BUT IT'S WINTER ! !
Science dudes !
I have some bad news !
I think that time travel might not actually be possible !
Because say I travel to the future and take back some sweet future technology : let us say , hoverbikes . Nice ! And then people in the present can examine the hoverbikes and see how they work to duplicate them , which is also nice , until we get to the future and the guy who invented hoverbikes won't do it anymore because they've already been invented ! He doesn't want to be a copycat . Assume for the sake of argument that he doesn't want to be a copycat .
So , what ? You've got a paradox !
Yes !
The creativity that was required to create hoverbikes has been erased ! Who had the insight now ?
It's a paradox ! Those are what happen when you travel through time .
But they're inventions without an inventor and you can do the same thing with works of art !
Science dudes , are you even listening to me ? ?
Dear body ! Here are some things you need to stop doing !
Aging ?
Also , making weird noises .
Hah ! What kind of noises ?
Dromiceiomimus , yesterday I'm sitting there and my belly kind of goes " tweeeeet ? " like it's a , a , a bird or something . What's with you , belly ? I know you're there , yes ! I don't need a " tweeeeet " to say hello . I just put food in you and that is gonna have to be INTRODUCTION ENOUGH .
Got any other body complaints ?
As a matter of fact , I DO .
One , my body needs to survive in space , two , it needs to be able to eat paper in an emergency , three , flight would be nice , also , four , sometimes when I'm sleeping I get a cramp in my leg muscles and I have to punch the muscles .
Four is the worst ?
Four is the worst ! Also , FIVE , I wish my body would poop more instead of putting on weight .
Okay ! I'm done with this conversation .
No , seriously ! Because -
because i don't like being fat and pooping is good times
SITUATIONS IN WHICH TO USE " THAT'S WHAT SHE SAID ! "
There are many situations in which " that's what she said ! " may be appropriately used ! For example , after someone says , uh ,
" What a good date ! "
That's TERRIBLE . T - Rex , you're supposed to use it to recontextualize an innocuous statement into a double entendre , not to indicate that both people on the date were happy . Here , say it after I stop talking . " You can stay in my guest house for a week . "
That's what SHE said !
See ? Actually , no , that's not so great either .
Well , you can use " that's what she said ! " when telling a story , too !
Literally ?
Yeah , like - " Anneke said 'How do you do . ' To clarify , that's what SHE said ! "
Ug . Here , look : " T - Rex , that certainly took a long time and I didn't enjoy it at all . "
That's what SHE said !
Hah !
Finally ! Normally this isn't so hard !
That's what S -
Utahraptor , don't interrupt ! I WAS SAYING , normally it doesn't take me THIS long to finish with something good , even if it's just a little ejaculation .
CLIMATE CHANGE COMICS
CLIMATE CHANGE , huh ?
There certainly is a lot of climate that's CHANGING , right ? Right ? ! Can I get a witness ?
Or MAYBE , climate isn't changing at all . Or maybe it is , but who cares because it's all someone else's fault !
or maybe the climate is supposed to change because we all got new swimmin' trunks
That is without exaggeration , T - Rex , the weakest comment on climate change that I have ever heard , or am ever likely to hear !
You've distilled an important issue down to " something might be happening I dunno , maybe ? ? " Also , you don't even mention human influence on the climate , which is a serious concern !
Serious concern ? I just stepped on a tiny woman , so her only influence on the climate is that now she's dead .
In the climate .
Right now she's probably saying " OH MAN WHAT A CHANGE FOR ME ! A CLIMATE CHANGE , THAT IS ! ! "
Hey , remember when there were frogs ?
T - REX HAS YET TO FIND CHRISTMAS PRESENTS FOR ANYONE . AGAIN . COME ON , T - REX
No problem ! I have the whole weekend to find Christmas presents ! I'll get great gifts no matter -
ONE DAY LATER :
- what . What ? Where the heck did Saturday do ? What -
ONE DAY LATER :
- the heck ? SUNDAY is gone too ?
Okay . I have today to find presents . I'm safe just as long as I don't end up SOMEHOW skipping a day ahead in the narrative of my life and missing out on the whole entire -
ONE DAY LATER :
- day ! To repeat , Utahraptor , I did zero shopping yesterday .
There's still time !
I know ! Thank -
ONE DAY LATER :
- you for your very thoughtful present , T - Rex ! It was fantastic . Just what I wanted , but never knew I needed ! And it reflects both my AND your personalities perfectly .
I'm glad you like it ! What , uh , what was it I got you again ?
You know ! The re -
ONE DAY LATER :
- mix of " Layla " and " Smells like Teen Spirit " into one song . So everyone can listen to both of my favourite songs at the same time !
That would be a good task for the new year , yes .
This is what I keep saying !
I love punch ! I love drinking delicious punch , PROBABLY because of how it's so delicious .
Hooray for punch !
Are you mentioning punch because the party tonight is so liable to feature punch , T - Rex ?
QUITE LIKELY ! I don't know why I'm suddenly so into what is essentially juice mixed with maybe pop or alcohol , served in a fancy bowl with spoons , but I'm running with it .
Well I guess I'll see you there tonight , punch in hand .
Oh God yes .
AT THE PARTY
Man , this party even has a stomping room ! I'm totally going to get some punch soon .
Okay , T - Rex !
All you're doing is talking about delicious punch . Why not just go get some ?
Dude , I'm gonna ! I'm gonna go get in line for some punch RIGHT NOW !
Okay then !
SOON !
Is this the punch line ?
This is the line for the bathroom !
So - you're saying there is no punch line ?
What did the depressed snowman say to his dog ?
" Snowbody loves me ! "
But why did he say it to his dog ? Was it because all his friends were flakes ?
He said it to his dog because snowbody loved him . He had snow friends !
Aw man , this is all the same joke !
Snow it's not !
Snyes , it it . It's the same snow joke over and over , and anyone could do it , and it's not funny !
It is so funny ! Listen . I told these jokes to a snowman and he laughed .
EARLIER :
that's racist
A lot of my friends are having babies .
BABIES : " WHAT'S THE DEAL ? "
a book by t - rex
That's what I say to them ! They say , T - Rex , Marcia and I are expecting a little bundle of joy . And I say , Ted , I respect you and love you as a friend , but I have to ask - what's the deal ? What is the deal with the BABIES .
The deal is that they're building a family and propagating the species !
That's just part of the deal !
As a man who is " without babies " , the idea of being in charge of another person's life seems insane . That's a lot of responsibility , and I have no idea if I'm qualified for that - or if anyone ELSE is , for that matter . So I have to ask -
" What's the deal ? "
With the babies , yes .
" OKAY , THANKS FOR WRITING IN TO TELL ME WHAT ALL THE DEALS WERE WITH YOUR BABIES "
" IT WAS A RHETORICAL QUESTION "
STORIES FOR MEN
Men ! We like stories , right ?
Right !
But they have to be good stories . Stories with plots in which there are good guys and bad guys , and then some explosions happen to them !
You sure like explosions , huh ?
In a good story , they function as punctuation marks . Hamlet says " To be or not to be " , and the building behind him blows up . It is spectacular . The audience whispers , " Yes . This is what Shakespeare meant . "
So your story is Hamlet only with explosions instead of punctuation .
You say it like it's not fantastic !
Do the characters even react to the explosions at all ?
Sometimes they go off in the background and they barely glance over their shoulder at them . Sometimes they outrun them down halls or by climbing up ladders real fast . It depends on the scene , you know ?
THE ULTIMATE STORY FOR MEN
Hamlet sips some whiskey while punching a man in the nose ! Ophelia says she's crazy for him and they go on a helicopter ride . A ghost appears , and when Hamlet high fives him he explodes ! Then Denmark explodes .
Later , Ophelia's topless !
My stories for men were a huge success - but I've excluded half of my potential market !
STORIES FOR WOMEN
I've got a great idea , Dromiceiomimus : stories for women ! Stories with FEELINGS . Stories where someone sighs deeply while looking at a photograph of someone else ! In the photograph that someone else is ALSO sighing deeply .
That's what you think women want ? Seriously ?
Ha ha , of course not ! This was just a hilarious test . Um .
Okay , so let's hear your real " stories for women " then !
Sure !
NO PROBLEM .
Two attractive people meet and fall in love . Then they take baths and hug .
Hah hah hah ! " Take baths and hug " ?
IT'S WHAT WOMEN WANT
THAT EVENING , TAKING A SHOWER :
Man , if this were a bath , and there was a woman here , and I was hugging her ?
I'd be totally set !
STORIES FOR KIDS
This one's easy !
that's because kids are EASILY ENTERTAINED . They just want bright colors that flash and spin ! I can take care of that with a kaleidoscope . A story about a kaleidoscope , I mean .
So you're aiming for the under - six market ?
No , no ! I want twelve year olds too . So ah , the kaleidoscope can transform into a ninja turtle , who can mutate into a robot . Or a barbie . or a horse .
Or horse - Barbie . Done !
And so this is your ultimate story for kids ?
Yes !
If by " story " you mean " franchise " , anyway . I don't know . I think i've lost focus .
Why not focus on either babies OR children ? That way you don't have to cater to both the " words are hard " and the " these early stages of puberty unsettle us all " demographics .
EARLIER :
Excuse me , child ! Your early stages of puberty : they . . . they -
They unsettle us all , I know .
* sigh *
Oh , the things I could do if I had a rubber mallet !
But wait ! This is one idle daydream that I can make come true ! Dromiceiomimus , how much does a rubber mallet cost ?
I don't know - a few dollars ?
Dromiceiomimus !
I have a few dollars ! !
Quick ! To the hardware store !
I'm coming ! But only because I need a mallet too .
No , you're coming because this is a Mallet Party ! The only tool we're going to have is rubber mallets , which function as hammers , and then all of our problems are going to look like nails . Oh yes .
FINE . That's why I'm coming .
This is going to be so great !
LATER :
They were out of rubber mallets , so I bought a vegetable steamer instead . Now all my problems look like vegetables in need of a good steaming !
I've -
I've made worse purchases
There was a man freestyle rapping outside my window last night .
EARLIER :
My name's not important and I'm here to say / That I've been outside rapping for most of today !
It was pretty okay ! His rhymes were moderately tight , too !
When was this ?
About 4am ! I woke up to it , which was surreal . It ended when I guess someone dissed him from across the street or behind some bushes or something ? Heyelled " Who said that ? ! " and ran off down the street .
Was the rap directed at you , T - Rex ? Were you being " rap serenaded " ?
No , man !
It was like he was walking down the street rapping to himself , and just happened to stop outside my place when his flow got going . I can respect that ! I kinda want to be that guy , you know ?
What was he rapping about ?
All sorts of topics , really !
EARLIER :
My freestyle rap is a bunch of crap ; I got low self esteem and that's about that
Awww !
Wait , my esteem got a lot better / When my grandmom bought me that nice new sweater !
Grandmoms are great for that !
T - REX IS IN LOVE WITH YOU .
. . . What ?
I'm not !
YES HE IS . HE'S IN LOVE WITH YOU AND HE WANT TO KISS YOU .
I'm not ! I don't !
. . . Kiss whom ?
HE WANT TO WELCOME YOU HOME FROM WORK .
What's going on ?
I don't know !
THEN HE WANT TO MAKE SOME OF THE SEX WITH YOU . THAT'LL BE NICE .
You don't hear that ?
Uh , no .
Are you alright ?
Apparently not ?
T - REX LOVES YOU AND HE'S GOING TO PROVE IT . TONIGHT HE'S GOING TO EAT TOO MUCH DINNER AND THEN GO TO BED EARLY . THEN YOU'LL KNOW .
I was gonna do that anyway !
Whatever ! !
I have invented the best way to reveal the prejudices and preconceptions of my friends .
Reverse lightbulb jokes !
Dromiceiomimus , I'll give you the punchline and you'll supply the identifiable social group to be mocked , okay ? The puchline is : " Just one : they hold the lightbulb still while the world revolves around them . "
Easy ! " How many socialites does it take to change a lightbulb ? "
INTERESTING .
DO ME
Do me !
Sure !
Um , okay : " Just one , but it doesn't matter : they'll never see the light anyway . "
ENTHUSIASTS OF THINGS THAT I AM NOT A FAN OF
Blind people !
Oh snap ! Wow . Classy , guys !
LATER :
Alright , last one , everyone ! " Both of them . "
Honest politicians !
Actually important bloggers !
People at work who I haven't had sex with !
Pardon ?
See , I have a lot of sex .
AMAZING AND TRUE STORIES FROM THE LIFE OF UTAHRAPTOR
also starring T - REX
This morning I skipped breakfast and met T - Rex for lunch . He seemed excited . He always seems excited .
I asked him why , and it turned out that Dromiceiomimus had a customer service issue with a shipping company , and wanted T - Rex to call because he's better at these sorts of things . They'd failed to deliver her package four times now . T - Rex already has " suckified delivery companies " on his revenge list ( he'd said ) , so he was pleased to call . He spent ten minutes listing all the ways suckified delivery companies had made his life worse , got a full head of steam , and called them up . Long story short , the package had actually been delivered that morning . T - Rex claims victory .
I actually ran into him ( almost literally ) later that afternoon , and we discussed it some more .
My contrarian position ( I freely admit it ) was that he was wrong to chew out the lady on the phone : with companies this size , there's no way she was responsible for the package . Responsibility is so diffused that really , nobody is responsible - it's a system failure , and the person in the call centre can't change the system . He replied that as his only contact point , agents should expect complaints and offer solutions - he's not going to make allowances for someone else's broken system . We agreed to differ .
I realize that this is my diary for the new year , and all I've written about so far is T - Rex . the responsibility for this , I feel , lies solely in this Christmas gift " stationary " from T - Rex himself . He's drawn himself in every panel , and the same pre - printed title takes up all the space in the first one . Still - grocery shopping's more fun .
pick up eggs
People will DEFINITELY pay for a robot that " accidentally " steals all their girlfriends !
BAD IDEAS COMICS
LATER :
Has anyone ever made a doctor - themed parody of Back to the Future , called " Back to the Suture " ?
I should probably do that .
LATER :
skin flavoured jello
utahraptor's skin flavoured jello
LATER :
I should make a comic where famed scientist Francis Bacon teams up with a guy named " Eggs " , so they can be called Bacon and Eggs . In issue two , Francis could mistakenly rename himself to " Chris P . " ! Chris P . Bacon !
OH MY GOD
LATER :
I'm still thinking about Chris P . Bacon
HEY T - REX REMEMBER WHEN WE STOLE THE KILOGRAM
Sure do !
LET'S STEAL SOMETHING ELSE
SOME - THING
FROM HISTORY
LATER :
MAN I GOT ARRESTED
the end
HEY T - REX REMEMBER WHEN I WAS ARRESTED
Sure do !
Sure do what ?
oh . I , uh , I sure do like that colour on you Utahraptor !
What ? what colur ? The colour of my skin ? You're saying you like the colour of my skin ?
It - uh ,
it goes well with your eyes
Man what's the deal with nobody hearing you but me , God ? It's a hassle !
WHAT'S THE DEAL WITH ME GETTING FRIGGIN ARRESTED BACK THERE
CAN I CREATE AN OBJECT SO VALUABLE EVEN I CAN'T HEIST IT
IS MY QUESTION
I have the best joke for Dromiceiomimus !
Is it my curse to ALWAYS have the best jokes ?
Okay , Dromiceiomimus ! Here is the best joke ever for you . It's way better than all other jokes .
I'm listening !
So I went to the chiropractor , right ? And he examined me and said " what happened to your back ? " and I smiled at him and I said " well , Doc , let me tell you the BACKstory ! "
That - that was terrible .
Man , she's right ! It WAS terrible .
What if you're out of jokes , T - Rex ?
WHAT ?
Yeah , what if you were born with a set number of funny jokes , and now you've used them all up ?
Don't even joke about that , Utahraptor ! I rely on my sense of humour as a social lubricant ! It's the secret to how come girls want to kiss me sometimes .
LATER THAT DAY :
Mr . Tusks ! What if I'm clean out of funny jokes ?
That would be a TINY bit inconvenient for me T - Rex ! I need you to write a joke for my speech tomorrow to the Chiropractor's Union .
noooooooo
Guys , guys !
WHAT
Our universe is almost certainly a simulation !
SHIIIIIIIIT
I know , right ?
Because check it out : if you assume that computers will continue to get better , then it stands to reason that one day we'll be able to simulate an entire universe . And then there'll be a day shortly afterwards when we can simulate universe on our cell phones ! And once you imagine this possibility , what are the odds that OUR universe is the one real one ? It's much more likely that all creation is running in the background of some future dude's iPhone 3K !
Seriously ? You're seriously arguing this old idea .
I am , yes !
But T - Rex , think of all the stories in which the characters are running around in a realistic universe , unaware that they're fictional ! DUDE ! It's overwhelmingly likely that WE'RE in a story right now !
That's stupid .
That's your theory , stripped of it's trendy technology .
UTAHRAPTOR HAS A POINT THERE
noooooooooo
Ghost have got to be the saddest thing ever ! They're dead people PLUS they're blind .
That's right , I said it ! Ghosts are blind !
They HAVE to be , because they're invisible ! And light needs to hit something to be seen , and if ghosts have transparent eyes they're not going to see anything . PLUS you can walk right through a ghost , so sound waves will pass through them too . They're deaf and blind most of the time , and when they do become a little visible , the world that fades into focus around them is filled with people screaming at them in terror . It's so sad !
You're picking apart the science of ghost senses , but accept the fact of their invisibility ?
Yep !
Ghosts have to be invisible , at least part of the time - that's what makes them ghosts ! But if you accept that , it's fun to try to see how ghostlike you can make them without making any FURTHER assumptions .
But our friend Zach is a ghost , and he's not blind OR deaf !
Aw , heck .
I hate being reminded of Zach .
The curses of the Greek gods :
not actually that bad !
For example : Prometheus !
Guy gives fire back to mortals , and as punishment by Zeus he's chained to a rock and has his liver eaten by a vulture every day .
But his liver magically regenerates overnight !
So ?
So Prometheus' liver is a perfectly clean , natural and renewable fuel source !
He doles out to the world a small amount of an INFINITE SUPPLY of biofeul daily .
Way to go , Prometheus !
Seems like a pretty painful way to go through life !
Still , it's not that bad .
What about Cassandra , prescient but cursed so that nobody believes her ?
Screw everyone else !
She can avoid falling pianos and win the lottery .
BOO HOO .
And before you say " Sisyphus " , he's immortal , PLUS he's got time to ponder the universe , PLUS a buff bod .
All I'm saying is , it wouldn't be terrible .
MANY MONTHS LATER :
Up next , we have a man who claims he was cursed by a Greek god , and who has preternatural knowledge of what the winning clips will be on every episode of America's Funniest Home Videos .
It's not that bad ! !
A DAY OF DISAPPOINTMENTS !
STARRING T - REX THE TALKING DINOSAUR
Oh wow , is that a quarter on the ground ?
Oh , it's one someone glued to the ground as a joke .
Hah hah
LATER :
Free chocolate bars !
Woo hoo !
To anyone under the age of 12 !
Awwwww !
LATER :
How old am I ? 27 ?
Wow , I was DEFINITELY expecting to be married by now .
There's a boxing kangaroo at the circus .
There's a boxing kangaroo at the circus ?
There's a boxing kangaroo at the circus !
It's so great , Dromiceiomimus ! It's a real boxing kangaroo with big red boxing gloves , like in the zeitgeist , AND in cartoons ! And he boxes a person so hard that they get their hat knocked off and then when they go to pick up their hat , he boxes them in the butt ! !
WE HAVE TO GO .
Okay !
Did I just hear you say
" boxing kangaroo " ? !
You sure did ! Dromiceiomimus and I are going ! You should come . You should come because the kangaroo is going to solve his problems with his fists , and when he's done his problems are gonna be solved RIGHT IN THE FACE .
Heck , I'm not busy . Let's go right now !
AT THE CIRCUS :
Hah hah ! What's the matter , monocle guy ? You don't like being boxed by a kangaroo ? ? ?
I'm not allowed to punch back because that would be animal cruelty !
Hah ! Monocle guy ! The kangaroo just punched off your monocle !
Natural gas in its natural state is colorless and odourless , right . But when it's sold , we add a distinctively smelly chemical to it , so that gas leaks can easily be detected !
This provides an opportunity for AMPLE PRANKS of HILARITY .
All I have to do is find out what that odorant is , get some myself , and spread it around someplace ! People will think that there's a gas leak when REALLY , all there will be is . . . um -
Tertiary - butyl mercaptan .
Tertiary - butyl mercaptan !
T - Rex , this is a very terrible idea .
See , I thought it was too , but then I thought , maybe it's not ?
Nope , it's terrible . Why not forget about t - butyl mercaptan and instead get your hands on some cadaverine and putrescine , which are the organic compounds responsible for how a corpse smells ? It's a much more hilarious joke !
Daaaamn ! That IS a much more hilarious joke !
LATER :
It smells like gas and corpses in here .
Guys ! That's me !
* I * did that !
T - REX VISITS A GHOST TOWN .
Rex : Attention , any ghosts that can hear me ! I have one thing to say to you :
Rex : this is awesome
LATER :
It was great , Dromiceiomimus : a whole town that had been abandoned ! All these collapsing buildings and rusting machines . It was APOCALYPSE PORN .
I'd love to see it !
We should go ! It's so great . You get a glimpse of what the world would be like if it all went wrong , and we all died tomorrow !
What actually happened to the town ?
The mine dried up and everyone moved away !
But the buildings are still there , and they're great . It's clich ? , but walking around you see all these amazing little tokens of previous life : a forgotten doll , a can of food long since unidentifiable . . . Dromiceiomimus and I are going back . Want to come ?
Sure !
BACK AT THE GHOST TOWN :
It's okay , I guess . It's mostly just a bunch of crappy buildings !
Don't even , Utahraptor !
Don't even what ?
Don't even - don't even tell me you don't appreciate the stark aesthetics and beauty of decay
WHAT YOUNG T - REX THINKS ADULT LIFE WILL BE LIKE :
I have lots of my own money so I can eat cookie dough whenever I want . I don't even have to cook it !
I don't ! !

My job is " astronaut "
THE END
WHAT TEEN T - REX THINKS ADULT LIFE WILL BE LIKE :
We're rich and have our own cars !
yeah !
Hey , remember when my mom switched off my computer for no reason and didn't even let me save my game ? I bet she feels bad about it NOW and wishes she had been nicer to me NOW that I've MOVED OUT FOREVER just like I said I would ! !
But it's too late !
T - REX NOW YOU HAVE TO SHOW AN ALIEN WOMAN WHAT LOVE IS
Oh , excellent !
That's - that's just excellent !
Ssh ! Come closer !
I know more secrets !
More SECRETS of the MEDICAL PROFESSION !
Okay , so peritonitis is when your peritoneum gets infected , and the peritoneum is basically the lining for your abdominal cavity , where your guts are ! So if that's infected , you're going to be in pain whenever your belly moves . And when the doctor walks in the room , he might see how you're sitting , cautious in your movements , guarding your belly , and he might suspect peritonitis . And then he might " accidentally " bump into your bed or chair !
If you start to scream from just that small bump , he'll know the peritonitis is bad !
But why all the subterfuge ?
Well , they can just come up and say " I'm going to shake your belly so tell me if it hurts " , but that primes the patient , and they'll be LOOKING to feel pain . The bump can get you an unsolicited result and lets you quickly ascertain degree !
So if you scream , they suspect bad - times peritonitis .
Yep ! And then they'll send you for emergency surgery . Did you know that one of peritonitis' causes is your BOWELS becoming PERFORATED so that RAW SEWAGE sloshes around in your belly ?
Man , bodies are nasty ! I can TOTALLY SEE why nascent machine intelligences don't wanna hang with us .
My last attempt to be a motivational speaker didn't go so well . But this time I have a plan : GENERATIVE ADVICE . For example !
" Customers know what they want , but they want what they know ! "
Wow , that actually sounds like good business advice , T - Rex . Customers want to buy something they're already familiar with !
I know , right ? But I totally just made it up , according to my Generative Advice Formula . And I have tons more ! Like , for a restaurant : " Customers eat what they see , but they see what they eat . "
That one is less impressive .
Maybe because it follows the first one ?
Your formula is " Customers VERB1 what they VERB2 , but they VERB2 what they VERB1 " , for all transitive verbs , right ?
Okay YEAH it's obvious , but it works ! And it can be customized to any environment . Self - help ? " Do what you want , but want what you do . " Writers ? " Write what you know , but know what you write . "
Oh , yeah ? What about colonists ?
" Colonize what you explore , but explore what you colonize . "
Zookeepers !
" Tame what you keep , but please , keep what you tame . "
Nurses ?
" Nurses take care of the injured , but they injure who they take care of . "
Okay , whatever ! My formula is still good DESPITE nurse racism .
COMPRESSED FILM COMICS
today's film :
CASABLANCA
Okay so it's WWII and we're in Casablanca and people here want to go to America but they can't . But check it out :
I'm an American named Rick and I have two free tickets to America !
And I am Ilsa , a mysterious woman who had a torrid affair with you in the past , but who then stood you up at a train station . But check THIS out : I was married the whole time we were dating and still totally am ! Also , I love you and you'll have to do the thinking for both of us .
FINE
I am Captain Renault ! I'm a corrupt French official but I'm totally likeable .
I know !
You APPEAR to help the Nazis in the film , but then you let me get away with murdering one at the end so that Ilsa and her weaksauce husband can go to America . The movie should really be about OUR relationship !
Seriously ! We're these two great dudes who get all the film's best lines . Why don't we hang out more ?
GUYS YOU ARE SUPPOSED TO COMPRESS THE FILM NOT MAKE IT INTO A GAY ROMANCE STORY
Too late ! We already did !
" Here's looking at you , kid ! "
See , why didn't I ever say that to YOU ?
This movie needs way more gay
I've never worked retail ! How bad could it be ?
SOON :
THIS JOB IS KILLING ME AND I CAN FEEL IT
LATER :
It's terrible , Dromiceiomimus ! Every customer is either rude or bland and my coworkers are all spiritually beaten down and when I look at them I know that soon I will be spiritually broken too ! And the worst part , the WORST part is that weekends suck because I know work starts up again on Monday ! I hate Mondays now ! !
I HAVE BECOME GARFIELD
Aw , come on , it's not that bad !
Utahraptor !
It totally is ! !
And it's boring , too ! It's so boring it literally steals my life force . I'm not even misusing " literally " there . I have a life force and it's precious and then I go in and then when I come out I have less of it . Hot crackers . You know what I do to pass the time ?
What ?
I stare at the MANNEQUINS .
AT THE STORE :
It's always a cold day in mannequin land , I guess
Building a time machine is hard !
But maybe , building a time machine to an alternate universe : NOT SO HARD ? ?
See , Dromiceiomimus , my new plan is to visit alternate universes to take back objects and ideas from them ! Hopefully that will be much easier than using godless science to violate the natural laws of time ?
So it's the same old " steal technology from the future " idea ?
A little ! But a lot of alternate universes would probably be at about the same tech level . What I'm really interested in is culture !
You're hoping that in alternate universes , you'll get alternate versions of Hamlet !
Exactly !
That's a great example . Shakespeare wrote some fantastic plays , but there's only so many of them . But infinite parallel Shakespeares on infinite parallel typewriters pretty much have to give us some terrific pieces of literature !
New ideas and themes from the Bard WOULD really be something !
MEANWHILE IN UNIVERSE x95 :
Shakespeare is the greatest author in history , but all he's written is 38 plays and 154 sonnets about " how much [ he ] likes to gaze at yonder bosoms " !
Sometimes I feel the only purpose of our universe is to act as a warning for others
So I've got this computer problem and I can't figure it out . Half the time it boots up it find the sound card , but half the time it doesn't ! Aren't computers deterministic ?
I really thought computers were deterministic !
But now , it seems instead of a computer I've got this MAGIC FEELINGS BOX on my desk , and when my feelings box feels like I deserve music , I get it , and when it doesn't , I don't . It's voodoo , Dromiceiomimus ! It is voodoo .
Any sufficiently - advance technology is indistinguishable from magic , T - Rex ! Arthur C . Clarke said it .
He said it after he invented satellites , I KNOW
I'm having a similar problem with my MP3 player ! It keeps losing my playlist and I have no idea why .
Well Utahraptor , AS YOU KNOW , any sufficiently - advanced music player will be indistinguishable from magic .
Come on , any sufficiently - advanced ANYTHING will be indistinguishable from magic .
Wait , you've given me a great idea ! Has that saying ever been applied to . . . PARTIES ?
SOON , AT T - REX'S SUFFICIENTLY - ADVANCED PARTY :
This party rules , T - Rex !
Thanks , ladies !
It's sufficiently - advanced !
T - REX I HAVE CONSIDERED THE MATTER AND THE NES WAS MOST ASSUREDLY THE GREATEST VIDEO GAME CONSOLE EVER MADE
Okay !
OR WAS IT
WHILE THE NES BOASTED AN ENVIABLE LIBRARY MANY OF ITS GAMES FOUND LARGER SUCCESS IN MORE RECENT FRANCHISE INSTALLMENTS I SUPPOSE THE DEFINITION OF " GREATEST " IS OF PRIMARY CONCERN
Oh God . Utahraptor , do you think the NES was the greatest video games system ever ?
Huh ? What ?
The Devil is clearly trying to get me involved in a doubtlessly fruitless discussion of " OMG BEST VIDEO GAME SYSTEM EVAR " and I was hoping maybe you could take the ball on this one .
But I can't hear him ! It'd be a pointless discussion .
Oh God , it already is .
Okay , look ! You want to know what the greatest video game system ever is ? It's the N - Gage .
WHAT WHAT I AM IN HELL AND THAT IS THE WORST THING I HAVE EVER HEARD
Hello ! my baby / Hello ! my honey / Hello ! my ragtime gal / Send me a kiss by wire / Baby , my heart's on fire !
T - REX IN : ONE FROGGY EVENING
So you were dating the singing frog from Warner Brothers ?
What ? No ! It's an allegory !
I don't get it . She's the singing frog and you tried to make money off her performances , but she never sang showtunes when you wanted her to ? Is that the story ?
I was telling you about a woman I dated ! She was fun alone but clammed up in public . The frog was an allegory ! A Chuck Jones allegory !
WHY WERE THERE DOLLAR SIGNS AROUND YOUR HEAD IN THE ALLEGORY THEN
They represented my selfish excitement to show her off in front of my friends !
HEY CHECK IT OUT
ME AND THE OTHER GODS ALL DECIDED THAT IT WOULD BE BEST IF YOU NEVER USED AN ALLEGORY AGAIN
Hello ! my baby / Hello ! my honey / Hello ! my ragtime gal / Send me a kiss by wire / Baby , my heart's on fire !
T - REX IN : ONE FROGGY EVENING
So you were dating the singing frog from Warner Brothers ?
What ? No ! It's an allegory !
I don't get it . She's the singing frog and you tried to make money off her performances , but she never sang showtunes when you wanted her to ? Is that the story ?
I was telling you about a woman I dated ! She was fun alone but clammed up in public . The frog was an allegory ! A Chuck Jones allegory !
WHY WERE THERE DOLLAR SIGNS AROUND YOUR HEAD IN THE ALLEGORY THEN
They represented my selfish excitement to show her off in front of my friends !
HEY CHECK IT OUT
ME AND THE OTHER GODS ALL DECIDED THAT IT WOULD BE BEST IF YOU NEVER USED AN ALLEGORY AGAIN
The problem with Valentine's Day is that , if you get your sweetie chocolates , the sweetness of the gesture is tainted with some measure of Societal Expectation !
That's the problem with Valentine's Day !
And that's all I have to say on the subject ! !
T - Rex !
Hey , T - Rex !
WHAT ?
I got you a chocolate
These chocolates don't taste like they're tainted by Societal Expectation at all . Thank you Utahraptor !
You're welcome !
They taste a little like ironic comeuppance , but -
I like that flavour .
Synesthesia is an amazing neurological condition in which one sensory pathway involuntarily stimulates another . The result is sensory overlap : tones with distinct tastes , letters of the alphabet with their own shades of colour !
People with synesthesia BASICALLY have super powers .
There's all sorts of synesthesia : some people taste words and syllables when they say them - sometimes even if they just think them ! Others have distinct personalities associated with numbers or letters , so that the letter " M " might be polite while " 7 " gets all up in everyone's fries . They still sense normally , it's just they've got this extra layer of perception on top of what the rest of us get . I admit to being jealous !
I actually know a woman who has synesthesia , T - Rex !
Oh wow ! Really ?
I'd love to meet her . I know she might not be as into her condition as I am and that I'm probably glorifying it or at least fetishizing it some , but I'd still love to talk to her about it !
You are , but it's okay , she's into it too ! She loves it , actually . I'll give you her number !
SOON :
So yeah , notes that are higher tend to be brighter colours for me !
I see what you're saying there !
Pretty clever , right ? My friends say I'm " pretty clever " .
We should date !
So I kind of shot my mouth off on an online forum ?
And it happened to be a forum in which I use my real name !
And now I am concerned that if someone looks up my name online , they will see me acting like a jerk , and will conclude that I AM a jerk , and then they won't want to hire me or marry me or whatever . They - they won't want to do the thing that they were thinking of doing before they looked up my name .
So what are you going to do ?
Avoid it , dude !
The way I figure it , after about five years we gain the ability to look back on anything and laugh , and I can reasonably say " Oh , but I was young and stupid back then ! " . So , BASICALLY , I'm going to wait five years and then stop worrying about it .
I see .
FOUR AND A HALF YEARS LATER :
Hey T - rex , you were a real dick on the internet four and a half years ago !
I KNOW , GRANDMA .
HOW DIDTHE MUFFINS YOU WERE PLANNING TO BAKE TURN OUT
Hey T - Rex , do you want to go swimming this evening with me and some friends ?
Do I want to go swimming ?
Yes
No
Do I want to go swimming ?
Yes
No
Maybe , but who's going ? I don't want to go swimming if that guy from high school who made fun of me at the beach is there .
Hah hah , but what if he's really dumb looking now ? Hah hah hah !
" GREETINGS ! Your face is now STUPID ! ! "
Hah hah hah !
Sweet .
Wait , my list doesn't make sense . The responses don't follow from the question !
It's cool
T - Rex ?
What the heck , T - Rex ? I invite you out a'swimmin , and you get a far - away look in your eyes and walk away ?
Aw darn , I totally did that . What should I do ?
Apologize
Make a mental list
Add small tasks so that accomplishment is EASY
Radio buttons don't actually work like this
EARLIER :
Good , nobody's around . Now I can do something REALLY embarrassing !
LATER :
It occurs to me : every time I do something private , I'm REALLY just betting that technology to look into the arbitrary past won't ever be developed . Because if it is ever invented , game over , man , game over ! People will be able to look at any moment in history !
Folks will know all of my embarrassing little SECRETS .
Actually , T - Rex , there's been a few stories written on that theme : Asimov and Clarke both wrote one !
The technology means the end of all privacy , but also the end of most violent crime . . .
Okay YEAH I read them ! All I'm saying is it just takes this tech to be developed ONCE , at any point in the future , and my privacy is pooched . Friggin' dudes watching me poop 20 , 000 years in the future .
TWENTY - THOUSAND YEARS IN THE FUTURE :
I don't know why he thought we'd want to watch him poop .
Yeah , it's weird !
Let's just do it though
Some people do not cherish awkward moments as I do . Lukily for them , I have come up with a solution !
The solution , as in most things , is smooching !
Awkward moments are awkward because nobody knows what to do or say . But if you swoop in for a kiss , it's no longer an awkward moment ! You've avoided it entirely by transitioning it into a moment of " OH GREAT WHAT THE HACK NOW I HAVE TO SLAP THIS PERSON FOR THEIR UNWANTED ADVANCES " or even a moment of " OH GREAT WHAT THE HECK NOW THEY LOVE ME TOO "
I feel like you haven't thought this out , T - Rex .
I - I really do .
My friend , if you're going to be doing that much kissing , you'd better brush up a bit on it !
wHAT ?
I'm serious ! If you kiss someone and it's a sucky kiss , that just escalates the awkward moment ! And I don't mean to brag , but I'm a pretty great kisser . One time I kissed a guy and he said , UNSOLICITED , that it was the best kiss he'd ever had .
Seriously ? Can you teach me ?
with - words ?
THAT EVENING :
Nobody even noticed how I made my examples of the awkward moment kiss gender neutral !
It's so you can imagine a man slapping a woman after an unwanted kiss , and then you get to examine your ideas of gender roles and heteronormativity
I would like to have an inclined treadmill , so that I could build an indoor skateboarding track . Am I that crazy ?
Am I that crazy . . . TO DREAM ?
The idea is that it's like a moving sidewalk , but the speed is computer controlled ! So you hop on your skateboard and get on the track , and within a few moments the speed of the treadmill is exactly matching the speed your board would otherwise be travelling at ! You're not moving , but the board FEELS like it's travelling at speed .
The slogan will be , " Yes . You can skateboard in your apartment in winter . "
So it's like a reverse Segway , only the computer controls speed by moving the ground , instead of the wheels .
Sure !
But can you imagine how fun it would be , to have that sensation of movement indoors , while not actually moving ?
And hey , if you fall , you'll be whipped backwards at the speed you were travelling at !
Here's a solution to that ! DON'T FALL DOWN ? ?
But you're describing a virtual infinite hill . The treadmill will eventually have to be moving at terminal velocity !
Oh yeah , NOBODY is gonna want to buy the TERMINAL VELOCITY SKATEBOARD SIMULATOR .
I just -
EXTREME ! !
Okay , so whatever . MAYBE the Terminal Velocity Skateboard Simulator would never reach terminal velocity , since there's no wind resistance . But do we not have an obligation to future generations to make sure ? ?
NOPE
Whatever ! If I were in the future and I could open up a book and see " The awesome terminal velocity skateboard didn't work , OH WELL " , then I would do that .
I don't think you would , T - Rex ! Because you could basically do that today , if you wanted to read up on the physics . The issue is that even with the ground moving , the board is going to slide down the ramp because of gravity .
Ridiculous ! There's friction in the wheels that -
- wouldn't be enough !
The treadmill speeds up to match the board's forward momentum , right ? But if you've got impossibly perfect bearings , that's just going to make the wheels go faster while the board still slides down . So it's just the friction in the bearings that can keep you in place , and at the levels we're talking about , your wheels would melt first !
FINE . You know what ? FINE . I'm done dreaming !
Okay , NOW I'm done dreaming .
Guys ! Guys !
I came up with a way to get my skateboard treadmill to work !
All I need is a treadmill that tilts !
That way , rather than relying on friction and stuff to manage the position of the skateboarder , I can just tilt the incline up or down in order to keep them in the right position . Then , hey presto , it works and physics is happy ! FOR ONCE .
Alternatively , I could have a giant fan , like the kind used in skydiving simulators , and use air to help keep the skateboarder where I want him to be .
Both of these seem like pretty expensive solutions !
It's true !
And I realized : if I do have this giant fan , it'll be way more fun to use it OFFENSIVELY than it'd be to simulate skating indoors . So anyway , I bought the fan , installed it on my house and now I blow enemies off my lawn .
Ha , no way !
Utahraptor . It's so awesome .
THAT EVENING :
Attention , enemies !
Why not come onto my lawn for a second
Wouldn't it be great if people didn't need to be happy ?
YES . Yes it probably would !
I mean , I get that depression ( UNhappiness ) has a host of issues associated with it , but what I'm describing is more Ahappiness - the ability to not need happiness at all ! Happiness is this - this FUEL that we need to function in society , but it doesn't last forever , and then we need to find more . It's like food , only it's drained every time we have to do something sucky ! Also , you can't buy happiness at a grocery store . I'm sorry , Safeway , but you just CAN'T .
But what if I removed that desire for happiness ? What if instead of feeding the world , I simply killed hunger ?
T - Rex !
This is crazy ! You can't just pluck an emotion out of the psyche , and we don't have technology that even approaches this . When did you ever think you were going to do this ?
" Do this ? " Utahraptor , do you seriously think I'd explain my masterstroke if there was the slightest chance of you affecting it's outcome ?
I did it thirty - five minutes ago .
Hah , just kidding ! I tried to come up with a way to suppress happiness , but I'm not HAPPY with the results yet .
BAH DUM DUM CHING ? ?
It turns out my " ahappiness " idea is actually pretty close to the Buddhist idea of transcending desire ! I HAVE INDEPENDENTLY INVENTED BUDDHISM .
Nice !
That's one for the ol' resume , eh Dromiceiomimus ? " Independently invented Buddhism . " Put that down next to " Received props from a bear " , " High - fived a bear " , and " Has a driver's license that suggests my middle name is 'Commander Punchy' . "
I remember that driver's license !
Who could forget ?
But do you really have a resume that says that stuff ?
My friend , I sure do !
It's my Emergency Resume , used only in situations in which I really really want the job . If it's a regular old job it gets the regular old resume , but if it's a really good job , I bust out the " E . R . "
And it works ?
Hasn't failed me yet !
EARLIER :
I'm sorry , T - Rex , but we feel you're not the best qualified application for this position .
But have you examined Appendix A of my resume , in whice there is an amazingly sweet HOLOGRAPHIC Batman sicker ?
! !
I have NOT
Before I used to dread the " what are you doing with your life " question , but not anymore ! This is because I've decided what I'm doing with my life : creating SHAKESPEARE VIDEO GAMES .
Could this TRULY be the greatest calling ever ?
And I already have tons of ideas , like " Richard the Third the Game " ! In the introductory thematic you trade your kingdom for a horse , and then you spend the rest of the game riding around your old kingdom on a horse .
So it's a platformer ?
With stealth elements ! Your horse isn't very good , and so sometimes you're embarrassed about your horse , and then you have to sneak around .
You really think people want to ride around on a platforming horse as Richard the Third ?
I know I do !
So , what , the ice level is called " Winter of Discontent " ?
No , that's dumb . The ice level is called " Oh , no ! King Richard The Third Has Chilly Pants . "
Look , I'm going to prototype it tonight , so by this time tomorrow , we'll see what's what .
THE NEXT DAY :
So , Utahraptor ! What do you think ?
This is just a picture of Richard the Third's head on Duke Nukem's body .
It's as far as I got before it was too awesome !
My Richard The Third The Video Game is going to be FANTASTIC .
MAN I HEAR THAT
All I need to do is program it !

Um , APPARENTLY , programming is for folks who are thrilled when a computer reminds them they're missing a bracket or semicolon ? It must be , because they make that happen SO OFTEN .
So its not going well ?
I CAN'T EVEN GET RICHARD THE THIRD TO MOVE . You know what my game is now ? My game is NIBBLES , with the text changed from " Copyright Microsoft 1990 " to " man , forget this "
Programming's a skill !
I know that !
I just thought it was a skill I could pick up easily . I don't need to know everything ! I don't need to know the difference between friggin' binary and B + search trees ! ALL I WANT TO KNOW is how to make Richard III's sucky horse do double jumps , you know ?
You've got to learn to crawl before you can run , T - Rex .
Hey , here's a tip !
Crawling sucks !
I have a problem . I have come into possession of a pin from the 1935 Nuremberg Rally , and I really don't know what to do with it . Hitler's face is on the pin . It's a Nazi pin ! * I * have a Nazi pin !
This is not good news for Team T - Rex !
I'm trapped ! I can't just throw it out , because it's History . But there's no way I'm selling it , either : I don't want to profit from , um , NAZIS , and I wouldn't want to sell to anyone who'd be interested in buying it anyway .
Where'd you get it ?
My grandfather died a few months ago and I was given this part of his estate . He found it after the war , in the rafters of a house he bought !
Man ! I don't want to go through life as a Nazi pin guy !
Why not just give it away ?
To whom ? " Hi ! You seem like a woman who appreciates her Nazi memorabilia " ? No , I can't just pass this off on someone else : it just shifts these issues onto them . I've got to handle this myself .
But how ?
I'll think of something !
THAT EVENING :
What if I started wearing it under a shirt when I go out ? That way , if I got hit by a car , the discovery of the pin will ENTIRELY OVERSHADOW anything I've ever accomplished in my life !
No , that - that only makes things worse .
I have a new problem . Now I have come into possession of several kilograms of Nazi memorabilia !
It - it came in the mail ?
Somehow word got out that I'm a Nazi Pin Guy and now I have everyone else's Nazi pins . And flags . And uniforms and boots and chapeaus . I basically have a WWII Re - Enactment Society in my basement , Dromiceiomimus . BUT ONLY FOR ONE SIDE .
Your problems just seem to - escalate , huh ?
I wish I knew why
Give it to a museum , T - Rex ! They'll take it !
That's a great idea !
My pin was too common to interest a museum , but the rest of this stuff COULD be given away like that !
Right , and you could probably find history teachers to take the more common artifacts !
Wow , all I have to do is follow your advice , and all my problems are solved !
LATER :
I don't understand why you're paying me to slip this Nazi memorabilia into the pockets of strangers .
Oh , I'm sorry , did I accidentally hire a PLAN CRITICIZER ? I thought I was hiring a Reverse Pickpocket !
I - I -
i can do both
Ted's so great . I just want to hang out with him all day long !
T - REX HAS MET A MAN WHOSE VOICE SOUNDS JUST LIKE A TEXT - TO - SPEECH SYNTHESIZER ! NEAT
It's like hanging out with a computer friend , only he has emotions ! Well , I guess it's MORE like hanging out with a regular friend , only when he says " Pass me a bowl of fruit " it comes out as a monotonic " Pass me a boal of frui - it " . What's not to like ?
He has a vocoder ?
What he has , Dromiceiomimus , is a gift ! The gift is labelled " best accent ever " .
Whoah , hold the front page ! T - Rex is fetishizing the other !
I'm NOT .
You totally are ! You never have a middle ground : it's always " oh , it's not for me " or " oh WOW this thing I don't have is so AMAZING how can this be so AWESOME ? "
UTAHRAPTOR . His speaking voice sounds like a text - to - speech synthesizer . That is awesome ! That is objectively awesome .
I dunno - I still think you fetishize the other , T - Rex ! What do you think , Mr . Tusks ?
I think he does it a TINY bit , Utahraptor !
Mr . Tusks ! !
this smile is because I'm always happy to see you , not for your conversational betrayal !
How come car bumpers aren't all at the same height on cars ? It's dumb that they're not . The whole point of bumpers is to cushion bumps , but if they don't meet , then they only serve as Impact Hasteners .
I could say this is one situation in which the free market fails ! But I won't !
I can already see where that would go : a discussion of how style sells cars and bumpers are subject to that , but how government controls could legislate that all bumpers be a standard height , thereby saving lives . THEN , we could segue into internationalization problems with how foreign car makers might not want to redesign their cars for only our market , but we still need cars , so hey , let's talk corporate control over our national interests ! AND SO ON .
T - Rex , this is BORING . Let's talk about something interesting , like the vacuum robot I bought !
Oh , wow ! AGREED !
THERE . IS . NO . NEED . T - REX . BECAUSE . I . AM . RIGHT . HERE
Wow ! You taught it to recognize me ?
Yes !
PLEASE . DON'T . TALK . LIKE . I'M . NOT . HERE . T - REX .
IT . MAKES . ME . WANT . TO . NOT . VACUUM . FOR . YOU
VACUUM . ROBOT . DIRECTIVE . THREE . SPECIFIES . THAT . THIS . IS . THE . WORST . THING
I have come up with the ultimate disaster movie ! It is called " OH GOSH : A SERIES OF DISASTERS " and what happens is a guy gets out of bed , stubs his toe and says ,
" Oh , GOSH ! "
Then he falls down the stairs !
Then he smashes through a load - bearing beam at the bottom and his house collapses ! And then a spark from a broken lamp ignites the gas , and his house explodes , shooting the guy out into the sky and lighting the surrounding houses on fire . By the time the fire department arrives the entire block is aflame , and also , their fire truck is on fire . Then the fire reaches a power station , causes a cascade failure , and power goes down for the enitre country , and soon , the world !
The power failure goes worldwide ?
The guys in charge of preventing that were watching the fires on TV !
Anyway , things progress and characters keep saying " What is with this . . . Series of Disasters ? " It's so good , Utahraptor . Volcanoes erupt , earthquakes strike , and meteors hit just as soon as all the other stuff gets boring .
And let me guess : at the end the Earth explodes ?
Yes , but after the credits , the original guy wakes up and says " Whew ! It was all a dream ! " Then he gets out of bed , STUBS HIS TOE , turns to the camera in terror , wide - eyed , and screams " Oh GOSSSSSH ! ! ! "
Holy crap . There's nothing not to like in my movie .
Normally people have trouble with sequels after their first idea is so , and I'll say it , so transcendentally brilliant . But not me ! I have ideas for basically infinite sequels .
Basically infinite out - of - genre cover sequels , that is !
When my explosion - centric disaster movie comes out and people want more , I will say to them , " No , ACTUALLY , you want the same thing , but this time , as a gross - out comedy ! "
So the story starts out the same , but the guy slips on some lube and then lands in an old jock strap !
Hah ! PRECISELY . And it keeps happening throughout the film . The power goes out , and nationwide , folks slip on the lube .
The next sequel could be a road trip movie !
EVEN BETTER .
Some TEENS go out on a road trip and unwittingly stay just ahead of all the destruction ! You can see it in the background of some of the shots , but they never notice . . . because they are all too busy learning about friendship !
I like it ! Dozens of sequels , all revolving around the same story !
A western ! A loner cowboy , caught between wilderness and civilization , enters the nation and tries to stop the disasters !
Does he succeed ?
No . He shoots a lot of guys while failing to stop it , though !
" There is a showdown between a cowboy and a volcano . "
THE AMAZING STORY OF EDWARD S . CURTIS . Edward S . Curtis was a photographer of American Indians in the early 1900s ! I know he was tough because his middle name was " Sheriff " .
For most of his life he documented the disappearing " great race " of the Indian !
He took over 40 thousand photographs - not bad for one guy ! And in many cases , his records are the only recorded history we've got . But what's amazing about Curtis is that he specifically set out to record the doomed people his culture imagined Indians to be : the noble savage , the Indian that was alien , stoic , exotic and dying .
And when he met Indians that DIDN'T meet his expectations , he just changed them for his photographs .
How ?
Man , he carried boxes of " Indian " clothing and wigs with him : ethnic signifiers for his subjects if they didn't look Indian enough ! And his Indian was clean - shaven , so he'd pay men to shave .
It's an interesting conflict in the guy : record the Indian before they " die out " , but already know what you want to see .
Yep ! I think it's amazing how we've still got this idea of the Indian that we look for . If there's no headdress we're disappointed !
Only if we're RACIST , T - Rex .
That's what I'm saying !
Everybody's friggin' racist !
COMPRESSED SONG COMICS
" HOLLABACK GIRL "
BY GWEN STEFANI AND PHARRELL WILLIAMS
Gwen Stefani is not a holla back girl ! This is her shit , and it is recognized as bananas .
Bananas is spelt , " b - a - n - a - n - a - s " .
THE END
COMPRESSED SONG COMICS
" I CAN'T HELP MYSELF "
BY THE FOUR TOPS
The narrator can't help himself and wants you , and nobody else . You are aware of this . Despite ( or because ) of this , you , Sugarpie , Honeybunch , left a picture of yourself in his possession , and he kissed it one thousand times .
The narrator denies any personal liability , saying love justifies these actions .
COMPRESSED SONG COMICS
" I WANNA BE LOVED BY YOU "
Marilyn Monroe wants to be loved and kissed by you . She has no greater aspirations and is filled with desire to make you her own .
Boop - boop - a - doop .
COMPRESSED SONG COMICS " WOULDN'T IT BE NICE " BY THE BEACH BOYS
The Beach Boys . . . well , it seems the Beach Boys wish they were older , living together , and sleeping with each other .
They describe such a scenario as " nice " !
Other scenarios they describe as " nice " include all five Beach Boys waking up together , spending the day together , and then holding each other close . They also wish their kisses were neverending , as that would be nice , and they wish they were all married , they'd be happy . " Wouldn't [ that ] be nice ? " , they ask each other in the chorus , largely rhetorically .
They're talking to a GIRL , T - Rex , not each other !
So heteronormative !
Listen , if there's a group of people on stage and they start out throwing out " wouldn't it be nice if WE were older " s , I don't imagine a hypothetical female third party ! I look at THEM .
They address later lyrics to " baby " !
That is an audience member baby , acting as a SCRIBE .
COMPRESSED SONG COMICS " SURF CITY " BY THE BEACH BOYS
After moving in together , the Beach Boys take a trip to Surf City , where there's two women for every man !
It's difficult to reconcile the events in this song with established Beach Boys canon
SONGS IN LIMERICK FORM COMICS
What ? What ?
THE WHITE STRIPES : SEVEN NATION ARMY
Okay , um : There was a young man who would yell , That we all had a story to tell , Feelings in his bones Said to find a home From the Queen of England to the hounds of hell !
THAT'S REALLY NOT BAD FOR SOMETHING RIGHT OFF THE TOP OF YOUR HEAD
I know , right ? Go me !
Is that what we do now ? Just shift songs into different formats ?
It's fun !
I just was hoping to hear more about you and your life right now , you know ? How'd that Nazi Pin thing work out for you ?
Okay , honestly , who wants to hear about Nazi pins ?
Me ! I do .
And INSTEAD , who wants to hear me sing the classic rock power ballad " Total Eclipse of the Heart " , while SIMULTANEOUSLY transforming the chorus into one focused on NAUGHTY LIMERICKS ? ?
I do ! I do !
Um
You only get one vote , UTAHRAPTOR
You know the trope in cartoons where there's a " help wanted " sign , and the unemployed hero will go into the store and take the sign down , because he's SO SURE he'll get the job ?
But then the boss hates him so much that he LITERALLY kicks him out and then slaps the sign back up ?
I wish that happened more in real life .
* sigh *
A FEW MONTHS LATER :
T - Rex ! There's a store downtown with a help wanted sign up !
So ?
Don't you remember how you wanted to see that cartoon thing in real life ? Now's your chance !
Yes ! You're right , this IS my chance ! I forgot about it untill now !
Oh man oh man !
THAT EVENING :
Guess what , mom ? I got a job I don't want as a florist today , entirely by accident !
How come this sort of stuff happens to you , T - Rex ?
MOM
It's because I am trying to live in CARTOONS .
A lot of people seem to have trouble separating actors from their roles .
But not me !
I'm different from everyone else . I get that Bruce Willis might not be that useful if terrorists take over an office tower Christmas party !
Come on , T - Rex . You suspect he'd be good to have around . If you were choosing your members for your " taking down terrorists while dying hard " team , you've pick Bruce first .
Nope . He'd have to earn it ! We'd do sports or something to see .
Ridiculous ! You confuse actors and the characters they play as much as any of us .
I really don't !
I won't say that I'm " better " for having this skill of " actor separation " , but it's a skill I have that makes me better .
You totally like actors if you like their characters , and vice versa . Come on , follow me . I'll prove it .
SOON :
T - Rex , there's Ben Affleck . Do you have anything to say to him ?
BEN I QUESTION YOUR ACTING ABILITY ! IF WE WERE ALL FRIENDS , I AM CERTAIN YOU WOULD BE " THE IRRITATING ONE " !
Oh my gosh , Utahraptor ! I concede your point !
Okay , so let's say I sleep 8 hours a day : that's 16 hours a day I'm awake .
And let's say I'm knocked unconscious for , on average , 2 hours a year !
That takes into account times I hit my head on low - hanging chandeliers , and times when enemies punch my head . Okay , so that's , what - 243 days of consciousness a year ? 66 % of the year . I've had almost 18 years of consciousness since I was born .
I should have done more by now !
Why haven't you cured cancer yet , T - Rex ? What is the friggin' hold up ?
Exactly !
Cancer's a bad example because I'm so far from being a doctor , but what HAVE I done with my mind , with my brainpower ? I've had , effectively , 18 full years , uninterrupted without sleep , to think about the world's problems ! And I've solved ZERO of them .
I don't know what to tell you , my friend !
15 YEARS LATER
Man , I STILL haven't solved any world issues ! This is like a mid - life crisis , except it's been ongoing since I was six !
This is the worst first date I've ever been on .
AW CRAP I'M NOT MARRIED YET EITHER ? ?
THINGS T - REX HAS DESCRIBED AS " NEAT " : AGE 8 : NINJA TURTLES
Hah , I sure did describe ninja turtles as being neat ! Splinter taught them to be ninja teams ! What's not neat about that ?
HE GAVE THEM THE TOOLS THEY NEEDED FOR LIFE SUCCESS .
AGE 22 : KISSING FINGERTIPS
What ? No , I never said that ! It's not true ! !
Hah hah ! " Hey baby , I'm T - Rex ! Can * I * kiss your fingertips ? "
I never said that , Dromiceiomimus ! You'd better not have quotation marks around that ! !
AGE 23 : KISSING ELBOWS
Into the 'bows , I see !
I'M NOT ! This is an unreliable narrator !
AGE 24 : KISSING BUMS
Total sass .
Is it the curve of the bums that you like , or is it the wide plain of flesh ?
Oh my God . TOTAL SASS .
AGE 30 : KISSING BUMS ON HIS ELBOWS
I'm not even 30 years old !
YOU'LL SAY IT IN THE FUTURE
Maybe " bums " refers to our nation's homeless persons ?
NOPE CAN'T SAY THAT IT DOES
T - REX YESTERDAY YOU SAID THAT SPLINTER TAUGHT THE TEENAGE MUTANT NINJA TURTLES TO BE NINJA TEAMS
I did and I stand by it !
UM
PRETTY SURE THE LYRICS SAY HE TAUGHT THEM TO BE NINJA TEENS
Listen , okay , you don't have to be taught how to be a ninja TEEN . If you're a ninja and you're a teen , then you're already being a ninja teen ! But working in groups can be a challenge , especially for siblings , and Splinter provided valuable leadership and guidance on that matter and that's what the lyrics are saying . He taught them to be ninja TEAMS .
But they always operate as a group , right ? There's really only one ninja team , singular .
EVERYONE IS WRONG BUT ME .
And I'll prove it to you ! I'll track down Kevin Eastman and Peter Laird and find out , alright ? And then you'll all have to apologize to me and say " Oh , T - Rex , I was so wrong ! Teamwork is the REAL treasure . "
What -
I'm doing it ! !

Can't we all just agree that Raphael is cool ? But , ON OCCASION , he can also be crude .
Peter Laird and Kevin Eastman !
I must request that you give me a break !
A lot of folks get tattoos commemorating life experiences they've had .
Guys ! We can do better !
I'm going to get tattoos commemorating life experiences I WISH I'd had . Perhaps a nice banner on my chest that says , " Around the World Race Participant : Giraffe Division ! " Or there could be a picture of me , riding a giraffe , and then the giraffe is straddling the world .
I don't think you'd fit on a giraffe , T - Rex .
That's why I'm working in the fanciful medium of the tattoo !
These ideas aren't actually that bad ! I think tattoos should be ridiculous .
I know !
I also thought passive - aggressive tattoos would be fun . Like instead of a heart that says , " Mom " , a heart that says " Hey MOM thanks for buying me a private island ! " And then when my mom sees it and says " I never bought you that " , I can say " Not yet ! " and smile !
Moms like that , right ?
AT THE TATTOO PARLOUR :
What I want is a to - do list on my hand , only it says " Be awesome " and that's crossed out , and then " Get tattoo " and that's crossed out , and then " Sex up the person reading this " .
And you PROMISE you won't regret this ?
Sir ! I promise nothing ! !
An unreliable narrator is when Shakespeare tells you that his play Hamlet is pretty good , but then at the end Hamlet wakes up and he's on a friggin' bus .
LITERARY TECHNIQUES COMICS
today's technique : " UNRELIABLE NARRATOR "
It's like - oh , it was all a dream and the whole time Hamlet was ACTUALLY snoozing on a bus next to an empty seat the whole time ! What the heck , Hamlet ? Laertes was the bus driver ? This is SO MUCH WORSE than when you were stabbin' dudes and havin' broods .
Um , Hamlet doesn't actually end like that , T - Rex .
Pretty certain it does , Dromiceiomimus !
Seriously , what are you talking about ?
The stupid " it was all a dream " ending in Hamlet !
He wakes up and looks around and he catches teh eye of a passenger who looks like Shakespeare ? And the Shakespeare guy smiles and winks , The End ?
Don't tell me I'm the only one who made it to the end of Hamlet .
MEANWHILE , IN TUDOR ENGLAND :
Shakespeare , Hamlet ACTUALLY ends on a bus , right ?
i'm so far from even knowing what a bus IS
It's a little thing called a " METAPHOR " , Will . Man ! Study literary techniques much ? ?
MEANWHILE , IN THE UNIVERSE WHERE T - REX HAS LEARNED ENGLISH ENTIRELY FROM KOREAN - ENGLISH PHRASEBOOKS :
I'd like to take the bus , please .
What are your first impressions of the area ?
T - Rex , I'm really sorry , but I can't do this anymore . I can't be with someone I can't communicate with .
Please hand me the customs declaration form .
See ? I don't even know who you are !
I have only personal items . I have nothing to declare .
T - Rex , I'm sorry . I'm sorry .
Yeah , I'm sorry too , man , but I'm out .
This is carry - on baggage .
We've tried to make allowances for you , but it's just so impossible to be your friend . I don't even know what you're thinking right now ! Everything you say is like this impossible linguistic Rorschach test .
May I cash this traveler's check ?
Does that mean you understand me ? How am I to know ?
I buy my clothes off the rack .
I buy my clothes off the rack ! !
Not enough things glow in the dark .
That's right ! I said it ! !
Not enough things glow in the dark , AND , the things that glow in the dark don't glow in the dark for long enough . Even if I had a glow - in - the - dark skull it would only glow for like , two minutes . That is only two kinds of spooky : spookily sucky and spookily DISAPPOINTING .
All I ever wanted is a plastic skull that lights up in the dark , so that in the dark , everyone can see my spooky plastic skull !
This sounds like a battery problem , T - Rex !
Alright , fine , so it's a battery problem !
But the issue is that batteries are hard to design : you want to store large amounts of energy for cheap , but you also don't want them to , you know , explode . It's tricky !
I don't need a laptop battery ! All I want is a spooky skull , so that when criminals break into my house , they see a grim visage of things to come .
LAST NIGHT :
Oh no ! are those criminals breaking into my house ? !
We're criminals , but we're afraid of skulls . Lucky thing it's dark , because even if there were some here , we wouldn't see them !
Nooooooooo
Today is Act Like A T - Rex Day ! Everybody !
Act like me !
Dromiceiomimus , act like me today , okay ? It'll be great . Examine what I'm doing and then try internalizing it , okay ?
T - Rex , I do not celebrate this holiday ! I'm actually celebrating Act Like A Dromiceiomimus Day , which happens to fall on the same day .
WHAT
Act Like A Dromiceiomimus Day ? I have not heard of this holiday !
It's the best !
I celebrate it too . In fact , I'm pretty sure everyone celebrates it ! There's a big " Act Like A Dromiceiomimus " party at city hall tonight .
But - but . . .
They've closed off Main Street so that people can act like Dromiceiomimuses there ! It's gonna be awesome !
THAT EVENING :
I'm a Dromiceiomimus !
Me too !
Hey man ! Me three ! !
( whispering ) i'm a dromiceiomimus pretending to be a t - rex
Pardon me ?
I SAID
i'm a dromiceiomimus PRETENDING to be a t - rex
Shakespeare was a famous writer guy , but we know basically nothing about him ! There's only a handful of times when we know what he was doing on a given day .
And at other times , there's no record of him for years and years !
The fact that we have any record of him as a person at all is only due to the fact that he appeared in court a few times as a witness , and that he got married . Legal records are all we've got ! His interests and tastes , politics and loves & # 8212 ; they all have to be ( unreliably ) extrapolated from his writing .
Well , he IS from the past , and 80 % of the plays from his time survive as titles alone ! We're lucky to have the data we do .
That's true ! I just wish we knew more about the man , you know ?
You're not alone in that !
So let's agree ! If one of us ever get a chance to go back in time , and we run into him , then we'll definitely ask Shakespeare what he was up to . What he likes , what his interests are & # 8212 ; all the stuff historians wish they had !
Hah ! Okay , it's a deal !
MEANWHILE , IN TUDOR ENGLAND !
SHAKESPEARE ! OH SHAKESPEARE ! DO YOU KNOW WHERE MY CAR KEYS ARE , SHAKESPEARE
alack me ! i'm trying to write some sonnets here , t - rex !
HEY SHAKESPEARE !
I DON'T THINK PEOPLE ACTUALLY USED " ALACK " LIKE THAT
HEY ! HEY GOD ! HEY
WHAT
LOOK AT ME I'M TALKING LIKE YOU
HEY DROMICEIOMIMUS YOU'D BETTER NOT HAVE ANY SEXY FUN TIMES BECAUSE I'M GOD AND I DON'T LIKE THAT
OKAY T - REX
I GET JEALOUS OR SOMETHING I DON'T KNOW
T - REX WHEN HAVE I EVER TOLD YOU NOT TO HAVE SEXY FUN TIMES I AM ALL FOR THEM
HEY UTAHRAPTOR
T - REX
WHY ARE WE TALKING LIKE THIS T - REX
UTAHRAPTOR IT IS BECAUSE WE ARE PRETENDING TO BE GOD
RIGHT ON I AM GOING TO BE LATE FOR WORK
I WAS GOING TO BE ON TIME FOR WORK BUT THEN I FORGOT HOW THIS IS A PRIORITY
!
Guys ! I just had a revelation about God ! For serious !
God is all - knowing and all - seeing , right ? So it follows - THROUGH LOGIC - that . . . that . . .
Yes ?
That God has to be the biggest fanboy ever ! Who knows more about every Star Trek episode than God ? Who knows more about each and every comic , anime and manga series EVER CONCEIVED than God ? He's like this ultimate obsessive fanboy nerd !
He even knows everything about VIDEO GAMES , T - Rex .
* gasp * You're right !
He has encyclopaedic knowledge about every RPG , MMORPG , FPS , RTS , TBS and IF game every made !
Hey . That was a lot of acronyms there .
LATER :
God , are you the biggest nerd ?
T - REX ARE YOU THE SASSIEST DINOSAUR
Second - place in last month's Sassy - Assy Competition !
SEE
I KNEW THAT
Today is a good day I think to reminisce about the past !
Okay ! Here I go !
SEVERAL MINUTES LATER :
DANA was totally flirting with me !
Hah ! I can't believe I didn't see it at the time . I can't believe I didn't see it until now !
Who's Dana ? What'd she do ?
I went to University with her . She said at the time that she found me handsome , and I said that it was " probably just her own ideas of attractiveness interacting with my own personality and unchangeable genetics . "
What the heck , past me ?
I guess I was young and believed no woman could ever find me attractive of her own volition !
Still - pretty bad !
But what a nice realization to finally have though , right ? Perhaps where were DOZENS of women flirting with me in the past , yet unnoticed !
Instead of looking for dates , you could scour your memories for missed romantic opportunities !
What you suggest in jest , I will do with conviction !
Okay . . . Katherine - no . Muriel - nope . Ermeswindis - yes ! Yes ! Wait . . . no . No . Man , thanks for nothing , ERMESWINDIS .
I still think your name's rad though
Today is a good day I think for talking about my love . . .
. . . my love of George Clooney , that is ! !
I didn't know you liked George Clooney !
I love him ! I think he's great . He was good in the medical comedy " E / R " , the medical drama " ER " , and was not the worst Batman from the original movie arc !
Would you say that you're a . . . Cloonatic ?
Hah ! I would say that I might have a touch of Cloonacy ! !
Did you know that he was named a " messenger of peace " by the United Nations , Utahraptor ?
I did not !
Yep ! AND , he was given the title of " Sexiest man alive " by People Magazine TWICE .
Too bad you're heterosexual , huh ?
I know , right ? Sometimes I worry I like George Clooney TOO much , but then I realize : there's no such thing as too much love for George Clooney ! !
LATER :
I have Chloomydia
" Now they show you how detergents take out bloodstains - a pretty violent image there ! I think if you've got a T - shirt with a bloodstain all over it . . . "
" . . . maybe laundry isn't your biggest problem ! "
Come on , T - Rex . That's plagiarized . That's a Jerry Seinfeld joke .
I know , I know ! But he's a funny guy , right ? And I was thinking : maybe if I told his jokes , I could get inside his head and understand how he comes up with them . Act like Seinfeld in order to become Seinfeld , you know ?
I guess ?
This still sounds like an elaborate excuse for plagiarisms !
It's really not meant to be !
INCIDENTALLY , Utahraptor , somebody just gave me a shower radio ! Do I really want music in the shower ? I guess there's no better place to dance than a slick surface next to a glass door .
Yeah . It was funny when Seinfeld said it a decade ago !
Come on ! It's the exact same joke ! !
PUBLIC SPEAKING :
Thank you all for listening today . I'm told to always go out on a joke , so here's a classic Seinfeld gag for you : " Newman ! "
Wait , no . " Newman . "
" NEWMAN . "
Yes . There it is !
HI ! HERE'S SOME THINGS THAT COULD GO WRONG TODAY !
UNCONTROLLED WILDFIRES
I don't live near trees !
THEY'LL FIND YOU
THE AIR SURROUNDING YOU SI THERE DUE TO THE COMPLEX AND RANDOM MOTION OF GAS MOLECULES . IT'S POSSIBLE THAT EACH AND EVERY MOLECULE COULD HAPPEN TO BOUNCE AWAY FROM YOU AT THE EXACT SAME MOMENT , LEAVING YOU ASPHYXIATING TO DEATH IN A COMPLETE VACUUM .
That's ASTRONOMICALLY unlikely !
IT COULD STILL HAPPEN
OR AN ENEMY COULD BE POISONING YOU TO DEATH , A LITTLE EACH DAY .
Man ! My enemies SUCK .
Oh my God , mine do too !
TINY BLACK HOLES COULD BURROW INTO YOUR BODIES , EATING YOU FROM THE INSIDE OUT .
If they ened up inside our stomachs , we could eat anything we want and not get fatter ! !
LISTEN
THAT'S NOT HOW THEY WORK
OR EVERY ATOM IN YOUR BODY COULD LOSE ITS COHESION AND YOU COULD EXPLODE .
Frig ! I think I missed my bus !
SEE ? WHAT DID I TELL YOU
TODAY , MAN : NOTHING BUT PROBLEMS
BEFORE we had dictionaries , words could be spelt in a variety of different ways . Now that we have dictionaries , spellings are fixed .
This I accept !
It speeds up reading AND comprehension , and spelling errors give editors " easy points " when looking for something to edit . FINE . But we've lost the ability to encode the way words are spoken : the pronunciation and accents of a speaker ! We can get a little of that back through capitalization and creative ! punctuation ! but still - it's hard in text to tell an Australian from an American , assuming they're both speaking English .
The result of this is a proliferation of stereotypes !
How so ?
Well , say I'm writing a story about Australian Batman and I want to show people that Batman's Australian now . Spelling means I can't rely on his accent , so I'm forced to have him call people " mate " and grimly refer to " shrimps " placed upon " barbies " . It's the only way !
Um - pretty sure there are others !
LATER
And FINALLY , you could just have the narration mention the fact that Batman's Australian , and leave it at that . You don't need to rely on pseudoracist sterotypes !
T - Rex ! Just put me in a Crocodile Dundee hat ! !
Attention , everyone : stop misusing " literally " !
The word still has meaning , okay ?
It is not a generic intensifier !
If you say that you were so hungry that you literally ate a horse , I want to see evidence that some horse lover is cheezed off at you . Similarly , if you say that you literally ate your heart out , the I want to be talking to a corpse . Or someone with distributed hearts . I don't know .
I'm not sure if one guy can change the way language is used , T - Rex !
I am going to try ! !
And I'm doing it by bringing back " figuratively " .
" I'm figuratively bored to death " ?
Exactly ! I'm figuratively sick of intensifiers . What I want are DEintensifiers : words that make it clear that while something might sound amazing , it's actually just being used in a metaphorical sense !
But do you really want a world where people hasten to clarify their metaphors and linguistic flourishes ?
T - REX'S IDEAL WORLD : Let us therefore brace ourselves to our duties , and so bear ourselves that , if the British Empire and its Commonwealth last for a thousand years , men will still say , " Figuratively , this was their finest hour . "
THAT's more like it !
HI ! HERE ARE SOME THINGS THAT COULD GO RIGHT TODAY !
Yes ! Unbridled optimism appears to be the order of the day !
YOUR RESPIRATION MIGHT BE UNINTERRUPTED !
Nice !
YOUR CIRCULATORY SYSTEM MIGHT NOT SUFFER CATASTROPHIC FAILURE , LEAVING EVERY ONE OF THE CELLS INSIDE YOUR BODY TO SILENTLY DIE !
Excellent ! Go , circulatory system !
Keep on not suffering catastrophic failures !
YOUR BRAIN MIGHT NOT STOP FUNCTIONING IN A WAY WE CANNOT DIAGNOSE .
I love it when that doesn't happen !
Me too !
AND FINALLY , YOUR DIGESTIVE SYSTEM MIGHT NOT START RUNNING IN " FULL REVERSE "
Hah ! Wow , I - I don't even know what form that would take .
But at least it hasn't happened yet ! !
Wait a minute , that brain one is ambiguous ! Do you mean my brain might NOT stop functioning , or that it might CONTINUE to function in an undiagnosable way ?
THE TIME FOR QUESTIONS IS OVER . NOW IS THE TIME FOR UNBRIDLED OPTIMISM
Okay
Everyone knows I look forward to being an old man - that I covet the societal get out of jail free card that being old gives you ! People will say , " Oh , don't mind T - Rex ! He always pees on his neighbour's flowers . "
" But it's because he's OLD . "
But I think my issue is that while I can see myself now ( young , vibrant , effervescent ) and imagine myself when I'm old ( crotchety , petulant , charmingly belligerent ) , I don't see any in - between stages . The day I start going around with a walker is the day I finally become an old man , and that sucks ! That means I'm old as soon as my body's old , and it's way too late to fully enjoy it then .
Don't tell me you're planning to become prematurely old .
It is now my stated intention ! !
And I'm going to start it by calling everyone " my boy " . How's it going , my boy ?
I'm not your boy .
My boy , when you're my age , you get to call all sorts of things all sorts of things !
You're creeping me out . IT DOESN'T WORK IF YOU'RE NOT OLD .
My boy , my boy , my boy .
Myyy boyyyyyyyy
Tableau vivant , or " tableau " is a form of theatre in which the actors strike a pose and then don't move ! It's like a living picture . It is , in fact , French for " living picture " .
And I am the kind of tableau , my friends ! Check it out :
. . . TABLEAU !
Um , you're not supposed to speak during tableau , T - Rex !
Beg pardon ?
It's motionless AND silent . Interestingly enough , it was favored by early art photographers , as they already needed their subjects to stay motionless for minutes at a time .
Huh . Interesting .
Anyway . I'm still the best at tableau .
MEANWHILE , IN THE UNIVERSE WHERE T - REX ACTUALLY IS THE BEST AT TABLEAU :
TABLEAU !
{ { thought bubble } } I must keep the other actors from discovering my secret to excellent tableau .
{ { thought bubble } } It's a very competitive business .
HELPFUL TIPS FOR ESSAY WRITING
Students ! Are you having trouble writing essays ? Maybe they're a little short ?
Maybe just a little ?
Well then , here are some friggin' tips ! !
Okay , so everyone knows about making margins wide and using a big font , but teachers know that one too . They see it and they think " Come on , you can do better , " and then they uncap their red pens and write " You could use some friggin' tips ! " all over your cover page .
Has that ever happened to you ?
Nope ! But that's because * I * happen to use a little friggin' thing called " tips " !
So let's hear these tips then !
Prepare yourself to be friggin' fipped , my friend !
CUT !
I'm sorry , but we don't think you're right for the role . We're really looking for an actor who doesn't add " friggin' " to each of his lines .
Well then !
It looks like YOU'VE got the wrong friggin' guy ! !
Man , I don't need that acting job anyway ! I can get by on my good looks and charm ANYWAY , and " essay writing tips " are easy .
Easy !
For example , here's a tip ! Maybe you could try understanding the topic at hand and expressing your views on it in a clear yet persuasive manner ?
When I was in high school , I'd increase the font size on all my periods from 12 points to 14 points , thereby extending my paper in a way that was very difficult to detect !
Dromieciomimus ! I am shocked ! !
Man , I just added " very " in front of my adjectives !
What ? For reals ?
Of course ! It was a great way to extend the length of my essay , AND it made my points more emphatic . " Trees are tall and pretty " became " Trees are very tall and very very pretty . Verily ! "
What , you were The Mighty Thor ?
Only in essays , my friend ! Only in essays .
LATER :
Hello , radio call in show ? Did you know Utahraptor abused the word " very " in all his essays ?
I've told you : this isn't an advice show ! It's a show about RVs .
Okay but did you not hear the rest of my question though ?
DIFFERENT WAYS TO TELL SOMEONE THEY ARE WRONG COMICS
WARNING : use only when somebody is DEFINITELY not correct right now
Yes ! This will be handy for me , because people is sometimes wrong !
THE " HEY DID YOU SEE THAT MOVIE " APPROACH :
T - Rex , all I'm saying is that i can be just as " manly " as I am now if I don't go " extreme baseball skydiving " with you .
Hey , have you see the movie " Boy ! Is Dromiceiomimus Ever Wrong . " ?
It's , uh & # 8211 ;
It's pretty convincing
THAT ONE'S PRETTY FUN . YOU GET TO MAKE UP DIFFERENT MOVIE TITLES
FUN TIMES
THE DIRECT APPROACH :
I think maybe there are other options !
THIS ONE ISN'T SO FUNNY ACTUALLY
YOU CAN ALSO TRY USING BODY LANGUAGE :
That sounds like a GREAT idea ! Now I'll be backing away from you with my arms held up in a " don't shoot " position .
Guys ! I think he's using body language to criticize our idea ! !
Let's mug him anyway !
I like it when commercials license pop songs and then make up their own product centric lyrics . It's a window into an alternate corporate - controlled universe !
An alternate corporate controlled universe where all songwriters have brain damage ?
The lyrics are always so terrible and the songs entirely arbitrary . It's like - it's like they license " Candle in the Wind " and then have some Elton John sound - alike singing " Goodbye , Norma Jeane / Did you ever / Use Duracell / They make some fine batteries / On this we all should dwell "
Hah ! You know , I'd watch that commercial .
It's so representative !
Now do " Somewhere Over The Rainbow " !
Sure ! Um . . . how about -
" Someone's Sara - Lee branded / cherry pie / makes me glad that I've heard that / they're now in high supply "
Hilarious ! It makes me want to buy a Sara - Lee branded cherry pie .
It's not that hard ! You just imagine being good , and then don't do that .
THAT EVENING ( SET TO THE TUNE OF " WHAT A WONDERFUL WORLD " ) :
I see leaves of green / red onions too / I see them here , for me and you / And I think to myself : / " What A Wonderful Pre - Packaged Asian - Style Salad from Loblaw's Grocery . "
Man , * I * did WAY better than that ! !
Man , who hasn't written a story about a Man With A Problem for a while ? Is it me ?
I'm pretty sure the answer is " YES ! "
So my new story will be about a man whose problem is he weeps all the time . He's not sad , his eyes just produce water like it's going out of style . And he tells everyone that it's just a biological thing and he's very happy to see them , but they all suspect he's sad . They say " Are you alright ? " and he says " YES dammit I just got leaky eyes . " Then he locks his weeping eyes with them and says " What's for dinner ? "
It sounds like he's a pretty unsettling character !
No man , he's nice ! He just weeps all the time .
I'm going to use it to explore PREJUDICE . What's it like to be a man of tears in a world where most men don't even like to cry at weddings ? He faces a lot of preconceptions .
How does he deal with it ?
Sometimes , in his most private moments - the tears are real .
The airline had a strict " no crybabies " policy , and wouldn't let him board , no matter how he protested . Prejudice . He pointed at his eyes . " See these ? These are tears of PITY . " But as he stormed out of the terminal , he knew that they were really tears of frustration , mixed with the standard tears he always produced .
I don't know , self ! I still kinda suspect that this sucks !
It turns out there actually is a disease where you cry all of the time ! Dacryorrhea ! I made it up , but it already exists .
This is not the first time this has happened !
There's TONS of horrible diseases that sound like they're just made up by somebody , but actually do exist . Fibrodysplasia ossificans progressiva , in which connective tissue becomes bone , freezing a person in place ! The Capgras delusion , in which loved ones appear to be replaced by identical imposters ! And these are just the two I know about .
And THEN , there's the diseases that are familiar because they're so common , but still messed up !
Such as ?
Man , Alzheimer's ? I mean , I know this disease has always been an issue for me , but it's so terrible . And honestly , it sounds like something out of bad fiction . It's ridiculous on the same level as " always cries " . It shouldn't happen .
I don't know what to tell you , man !
God , how come we live in a world where these awful diseases exist ?
T - REX HOW COME YOU WALK AROUND THE DOWNTOWN CORE NAKED
Man ! These two questions better not have the same answer ! !
Here are some more things that can go wrong with your body ! Hypochondriacs : YOU ALREADY HAVE EVERY ONE OF THESE DISEASES ! There is no room for doubt ! !
First disease : fatal familial insomnia !
This is basically what it sounds like : fatal insomnia . First you have trouble sleeping , then you can't sleep at all , then you go demented and then you die .
Isn't that an inherited disease ?
PERHAPS ! !
But you can't catch an inherited disease . You're just egging on hypochondriacs !
Man , they could inherit it !
The gene required for it has been found in , what , less than 30 families WORLDWIDE ? They're more likely to be struck by lightning , or hit by a car , or , I don't know , punched by a sheep or something .
Sheep can't punch .
They'll learn if you don't stop goading hypochondriacs .
Later :
Baaaaaa
Oooh , what's this , a sheep ? What are you going to do , PUNCH ME ?
Baaaa maybe baaaaaa
A few months ago I said I wanted to be a stand - up comedian . It turns out it's a lot of work ?
But guys ! I still totally want to be a stand - up comedian !
So I've been doing RESEARCH . I've been going to Comedy Club after Komedy Klub and figuring out how their performers make jokes . It's easy to duplicate the bad comedians , but it's hard to figure out the good ones !
How so ?
Comedy relies on surprise , I think ! There's a twist that makes a joke funny , and I haven't figured out a generative algorithm yet .
Hey , I wanted to try stand - up , too !
Then come with me tonight : we'll go to a show !
AFTER THE SHOW :
Man ! How do those guys do it ? Every comedian up there was HILARIOUS and I don't know why . Especially the Triceratops .
Comedy's hard , I guess .
I just can't figure out these . . . these Dinosaur Comics .
OH GOD
What ?
You know what ? It's really weird when you say that .
GREETINGS T - REX ARE YOU FAMILIAR WITH THE NEWEST ENTRY IN THE POPULAR YET CONTROVERSIAL " GRAND THEFT AUTO " SERIES OF VIDEO GAMES
Yes !
GUESS WHAT
I MADE IT
Oh no you didn't !
We don't need people hearing that the DEVIL HIMSELF is now claiming credit for GTA IV . Oh my goodness , that's just what " video game watchdogs " want . They're just realizing it now as I'm saying this , but in their heart of hearts they want the Devil to stand up and claim credit for GTA IV . I'm not letting you do that ! !
BUT I ASSURE YOU
IT REMAINS SOME OF MY FINEST WORK
Baloney ! You don't even have a console that can run it .
Huh ?
PROBABLY I CAN BORROW ONE
The Devil is claiming credit for GTA IV . He wants to undermine the entire gaming industry .
That's kinda evil , isn't it ? I thought he was , you know , more Aspergers than adversary .
I GUESS I PARTICULARLY ENJOYED PROGRAMMING ALL THE MURDER SIMULATOR PARTS
This stops here ! Admit you had nothing to do with GTAIV , The Devil !
FINE
Now admit that you had everything to do with people saying " utilize " when they could just say " use " .
MMM
NEVER
I have a Problem as a reader , as a Consumer of Fictional and Non - Fictional Worlds . My problem is this :
I really don't think dreams are important ?
I didn't think that MOST people thought that dreams were all that important , but I must be in a minority , because I keep seeing fiction that uses dreams as very significant symbolism . And the worst is when stories end on these significant Dreams , because in my mind , I'm thinking " This is ridiculous ; when will we get back to the real story ? This is entirely irrelevant . " and then it's over and I think " Oh . Huh . "
You really can't get past your opinion on dreams ?
I can't . Nor do I want to !
They're random firings of sleepy brains . They're stupid stuff that my brain does to entertain itself when I'm not around to make it look at chicks or punches .
I mean , I agree with you , but I can still accept dreams as a narrative device .
Never ! !
LATER :
Hamlet II dreamed he was the lead singer of C + C Music Factory . He woke up . " C + C Music Factory ? " he thought shaking his head . " How irrelevant . " He then focused himself on the seriously erotic business of being Hamlet II .
There ! Sex AND politics !
Writing fiction certainly isn't hard . Not when you have tips !
FRIGGIN' TIPS
Right . Not when you have friggin' tips !
WRITING TIPS COMICS
Sometimes it can be hard to name characters . Here's a tip : name them after other , more famous characters , and add in some Roman numerals ! If you want to show that a character is tough , name him Genghis II . If your character is this big lover guy who has fallen for , um , a 14 - year - old , call him " Romeo IV " ! Hey presto ! Suddenly your characters write themselves !
" Genghis II punched Romeo IV on the nose . " doesn't sound like good drama !
Are you kidding ?
ATTENTION , EVERYONE ! Genghis II punched Romeo IV on the nose !
Wow !
I really want to hear more ! !
Man , passers by always take your side ! It's ridiculous !
Listen , I'll talk to you later .
So what happens next , mysterious stranger ? We still really want to hear more !
Um . . . Genghis II and Romeo IV decide . . . to take you all to the fair !
Yay !
Yaaaay !
but i've already been to the fair
When I die , nobody say " he's at peace now " , okay ? I'm so serious right now .
Say something better , like " I can't believe he ate the whole thing ! "
What's wrong with " He's at peace " ? It's nice .
It's demeaning ! It suggests that the whole point of life is to be at peace , like it's this goal that we should all achieve , and I'M kind of a screw up but at least I achieved it by dying ! It's like telling the kids who came in last in a three - legged race that the REAL goal was just to finish .
I think it's supposed to be taken in a " his suffering is over " sort of way .
Oh . Well . That makes more sense .
Did you at least like my comparison of life to a three - legged race ?
It was a little confusing ! You need a partner for a three legged race , but you can easily go through life profoundly alone .
Wow . That's - that's true .
* sigh *
LATER :
Hullo T - Rex ! Can I ask you a question ? It won't take a minute .
Oh , Mr . Tusks ! Your delightful minute ( as in time ) and minute ( as in tiny ) pun has cheered me right up ! !
I really don't understand racism . I get it at a " hey , here's what it is " level , but I don't understand how someone can really BE racist . Don't they feel kind of . . . ridiculous ?
Anyway ! With this in mind , I am going to become totally racist ! !
But in order to keep my friends and Status in Society , I am going to be fake racist . I'm going to be racist against folks who - who say " y'all " .
That's still an identifiable group of society , T - Rex !
TRUE . Plus I too say " y'all " when the situation demands it of me . Okay , I'm racist against people who . . . wear running shoes to the opera ?
Wow , you hate people who appreciate culture but who can't afford expensive artifacts ?
FINE . NO I DON'T .
Look , the whole point was to experience prejudice from the inside . I just need a safe racism !
You need something random . How about folks who have red hair ?
That's genetic ! Utahraptor ! That's the worst fake racism yet ! !
LATER :
Okay . Everyone , pick a number between one and ten !
If I pick nine , you'd better not be racist against me !
HEY . HEY .
NO PROMISES
WHAT IS THE DEAL WITH MY ANKLE .
HOLY CRAP .
BACKSTORY : T - REX HAS HURT HIS ANKLE !
Maybe you should go see a doctor , T - Rex !
Dromiceiomimus , you have stumbled upon my shameful secret ! I - I don't have a family doctor !
Hey , it's no big deal . You can go to a clinic , or you can look up doctors in your area and make an appointment .
LATER :
So , how's your ankle ?
Utahraptor ! It's so awesome !
I mean , my ankle still hurts , but I was looking up doctors in the area and there's so many that have awesome names . There's a Doctor Plumber ! And a Doctor Dinner ! A Doctor SENSIBLE .
Which one are you going to ?
Um , the best one of them all ? ? ?
LATER :
Dr . Doctor , what's the latest on my ankle ?
As I said before , I believe you may have a hairline fracture .
Dr . Doctor !
I like your name
The problem with Superman , and Spider - Man , AND Batman , and pretty much every other superhero , is that their stories don't have ends . They're all stuck in the same productive age range , 20 - 30 years old , and it's easy to see why !
Companies don't want their most popular characters dying of old age !
But the result is that their stories don't have ENDS . We don't know how Batman deals with a failing body and the rigours of old age , how Spider - Man reacts when Mary Jane loses her looks . I mean , we DO , because sometimes out - of - continuity stories explore this , but they're never for real - they don't count ! Bats is always 30 again in the next story . It's like David fights Goliath , but they keep fighting every few issues for 50 years , and you never see how it ends .
You know , there are a lot of interesting parallels here with soap operas !
How so ?
Soaps have long - running narratives , but characters die all the time . The difference is soaps focus on PREMISE rather than individuals , so they're not killing a cash cow when someone dies . They just bring in someone new !
So Batman dies , and the book focuses on his butler Alfred working for Spider - Man instead !
Sir , I am old and conservative . You can't expect me to " loosen up " overnight .
Alfred , I'm young and liberal ! I don't like your " rules " ! !
Gentlemen , gentlemen ! ! Please ! ] ]
YES .
I've come up with a great way to make any otherwise - flattering compliment totally creepy . It's so easy !
You just have to follow it up with " I like that in a woman " !
An example ! Dromiceiomimus , you've got a very pretty body !
Um , thanks , I guess !
Now compare and contrast : Dromiceiomimus , you've got a very pretty body ! I like that in a woman .
Oh God . Let's never talk again .
Hey , I bet it works on men too !
There's one way to find out , my friend !
Utahraptor , you're a friendly guy . I like that in a woman .
Wait , hold on ; I think I know how to fix this . Utahraptor , you're pretty gay ! I like that in a man .
Wait . Huh ?
LATER :
Your honour , you seem very competent ! I like that in a woman .
Are you trying to go to jail ?
Are you trying to be . . . um , everything that I like in a woman ?
" HORSES VS . TRAINS "
Ah , the age - old debate ! Horses are okay .
If you don't have any trains around , that is ! !
Horses eat grass . Trains are huge multi - ton machines that GET THINGS DONE . And then when you think trains are as great as it gets , you discover maglev trains ! These are literal HOVERTRAINS that wrote in their diaries , " Screw it , diary ! I'm just gonna go as fast as I can from now on ! ! " and then they go 581 km / h like it's no big deal . NICE . Horses eat grass , and SOMETIMES , hop over buckets .
I guess the old stereotype of boys liking trains is true !
Come on , that's dumb !
I like trains because they're big complicated machines that NOT ONLY get folks places quickly , but also , threaten maidens tied to the tracks by mustachio - twirling villains . If horses could do that I would like horses too .
I'm pretty sure horses CAN do that .
WELL THEN . I GUESS I'M A FAN OF HORSES .
LATER :
EXCUSE ME LIBRARIAN DO YOU HAVE ANY BOOKS ON HORSES
Yes sir ! We have books on many topics , here at your local library !
THANK YOU PRETTY SURE ONE WILL SUFFICE
Everyone !
Let's pretend the Earth is going to explode at midnight tonight !
Aw crap ! The world is going to explode at midnight tonight !
I know , right ? Who are you going to hang out with ? If you try to reach a single person who's far away , it means you can't visit people closer to you that maybe , cumulatively , you like more !
Ah , it's no biggie ! I'll just divide how much I like someone by their distance from me .
Personally , I'm just flattered you're hanging out with us !
Yeah , I guess I am !
Well , Utahraptor , the planet is exploding at the end of the day . Anything you wish you'd done before you die ?
I mean , YEAH , but nothing I can see through to completion in a few hours .
Personally , I'M going to eat a lot of junk food , since who cares about heart disease now ? NOT ME !
FIFTY YEARS LATER :
man , SCREW heart disease
Man , who is the dude who dropped his wallet in the toilet last night ? WAS IT ME ?
DEFINITELY NOT .
Hey , T - Rex , did you drop your wallet in my -
You've got the wrong guy , my friend !
Okay , it's just - there was a wallet in my toilet this morning , and you left last night in a hurry , saying you'd " Need to visit the wallet store soon " but then came back once and clarified that you were pretending you were a friend of yours when you said that .
Yeah , the evidence against you does look pretty bad !
I've got my wallet right here !
Okay , you're posed like you're hiding your wallet from me , but I can see that your hands are empty , and there's nowhere else you could hide it .
I -
Listen , if you want your wallet back , Dromiceiomimus left it inside your mailbox .
MEANWHILE , AT THE MAILBOX :
Aw man ! There's probably pee on it !
OH MY GOSH , T - REX'S TWIN BROTHER ? ? NO , IT'S T - REX ! I MESSED UP WITH " MEANWHILE " AND SHOULD'VE SAID " MUCH LATER " .
THIS IS CALLED " WRITING "
There are not enough internet acronyms . If I want to speak entirely in internet acronyms like LOL and ROFL -
- WHICH I DO -
- then my emotions are limited only to the crudest of feelings ! I can laugh out loud or I can roll on ( the ) floor laughing , but what if I'm chuckling ? What if I have a condescending smirk that fades into a distant smile of recognition ? What if I want to communicate the nostalgia you have for an old girlfriend when you're dating someone who's way better , but you still miss her sometimes ? IS THERE AN ACRONYM FOR THAT , INTERNET ? ?
" IMMOGBNR "
Immogebeaner ?
Yep ! Stands for " I Miss My Old Girlfriend , But Not Really " Used all the time
Huh ! Is there one for , like , groups of people who draw pictures of kinky sex ?
Sure ! " We Illustrate Kinks Involving Phallocentric Europhia During Intercourse . Awesome . "
WIKIPEDIA ! Oh my God ! has it stood for that all along ?
It's the Secret Mission of Wikipedia ! Don't tell anyone , okay ?
Hah ! Awesome !
. . . Why didn't they just say so ?
AWKWARD MOMENT COMICS ] [ :
Earlier today my nose was like , " Hey , T - Rex ! I'm gonna leak blood for no reason ! " and I was all " . . . Awesome ? "
And as it turns out . . . it is not that awesome ?
And it seems I bled all over my pillow during the night , and then when I woke up my face AND sheets were covered in blood !
Was that awesome , at least ?
Not really ! It was disturbing until I realized what happened , and then it was still kinda disturbing , but in a " I wish I slept with someone on a regular basis because they'd be so FREAKED OUT by this " kinda way .
But , I don't !
Don't what ?
Don't sleep with someone on a regular basis . Anyway , what's new with you ? I'm talking about my nose that leaks blood .
Not much ! I bought a new patio set !
Sweet !
SUDDENLY , T - REX HAS NO IDEA WHAT TO SAY ! IT IS THE AWKWARD MOMENT PROMISED IN THE TITLE CARD .
uh
Can I come over and -
. . . bleed my nose on it ?
NICE
WHAT IS YOUR FAVOURITE CARTOON STEREOTYPE COMICS
Oh man . The heart pounding out - of - the - chest " I'm in love " reaction shot !
Second ONLY to the " I'm so angry my head is now a steamwhistle , toot toot " motif .
If I had three wishes - and the wishes had to be about cartoon stereotypes being real , I guess - then those are the two I'd choose . The third one would be " no falling when running off cliffs unless you look down and notice you're running on air " , because that , my friends , would be HANDY .
Free bridges for the strong - willed !
I would have thought you'd choose the bullet hole / water one !
Which one's that ?
It's the one where you're shot with a machine gun , and then later you're thirsty , and then you drink water , and then the water springs out of the holes in your body .
Hilarious ! ! Plus , it offers some resistance to machine gun fire .
Exactly ! It's right up your alley .
T - REX IN HEAVEN THE BULLET HOLE WATER THING HAPPENS TO ANYONE WHO DIED FROM BEING MACHINE GUNNED IN THE CHEST
LISTEN
I HAVE BEEN WORKING ON A SOLUTION
I'm cold - blooded ! Check it and see .
My body temperature matches the environment's to within a small degree !
You're cold - blooded ?
I'm cold - blooded !
No you're not , T - Rex !
UTAHRAPTOR .
The whole idea of the cold / warm blooded binary is discredited . It turns out there's an entire spectrum of thermal management possibilities between these two misleadingly - named endpoints ! In any case , you're warm blooded .
Well ! That settles that !
Now on to my next topic of conversation ! When people say " I want you inside of me , " isn't that weird ?
I - I think it's weird .
* sigh *
JOKES FOR OFFICE WORKERS
What's the deal with hitting " Reply all " when really you just wanted to hit " reply " ? Am I right ?
There's the modern age for you , cats and kittens !
Why don't they make some sort of confirmation whenever we want to reply to all so we don't end up doing it by mistake ? Only that would be irritating , so maybe - well , I'm not sure what the solution is . But it sure is funny when we accidentally reply to all , in a " well , maybe it will be funny 20 years down the road " sort of way !
T - Rex , this is entirely terrible !
Wait , wait , I'm just getting to the good part !
And we've all been spammed , am I right ? It would be great if spammers found something else to do !
Oh god
Maybe they could send us chocolates instead of email ! Because we all hate spam !
T - Rex this is -
Laughing in recognition is fun ! We all should do it right now !
JOKES FOR OFFICE WORKERS
What's the deal with hitting " Reply all " when really you just wanted to hit " reply " ? Am I right ?
There's the modern age for you , cats and kittens !
Why don't they make some sort of confirmation whenever we want to reply to all so we don't end up doing it by mistake ? Only that would be irritating , so maybe - well , I'm not sure what the solution is . But it sure is funny when we accidentally reply to all , in a " well , maybe it will be funny 20 years down the road " sort of way !
T - Rex , this is entirely terrible !
Wait , wait , I'm just getting to the good part !
And we've all been spammed , am I right ? It would be great if spammers found something else to do !
Oh god
Maybe they could send us chocolates instead of email ! Because we all hate spam !
T - Rex this is -
Laughing in recognition is fun ! We all should do it right now !
I don't want to be a police officer , and the reason is simple !
I would end up hating everyone !
Not only would I meet rapists and murderers KINDA OFTEN , I GUESS , but I'd also regularly see domestic violence , petty crime , people being mean to each other , chicks and dudes who punch each other in the head with knives this time , and so on . Not cool ! After seeing that day in and day out , I would start to suspect that everyone sucks and has a case of the ILLEGAL CRAZIES . I'd lose my optimism and faith in the world !
T - Rex , this is basically the spotlight fallacy !
You think so ?
Yeah ! By being a cop , you'd automatically see people who require the services of cops way more often than those who don't . You're blasting your data set the same way that folks who see well publicized reports about " Pedophiles ! On the INTERNET ! ! " do when they conclude that everyone online is big into kids .
Well , to be fair , Benny's a pedophile , and he's on the internet . ISN'T THAT RIGHT , BENNY ? ?
I'M NOT A PEDOPHILE ! ! I am a LEDOPHILE , that is to say , an enthusiast of the tiny Indian village of Ledo !
Benny , look , you gotta find a better name for that .
You know those suicide barriers that are placed on some bridges ? They're usually things like closely - spaced metal wires going up and running the length of the bridge , to prevent folks from hopping over the edge .
They freak me right the heck out !
They're such a crazy symbol for our society ! We have them there because if we didn't , MEMBERS OF OUR COMMUNITY would kill themselves . We need physical barriers to stop this from happening . If you look at it as a benchmark for our society , it's so weird ! We have to change our environment to make it difficult to off ourselves , otherwise we'd all be committing suicide ? What are we doing wrong ?
Come on , society doesn't make us all suicidal ! It only makes a FEW people suicidal .
Sure !
But even so , if suicidal folks really want to kill themselves , these barriers won't stop them . They'll just go somewhere else .
But they DO prevent spur of the moment suicides !
These are symptoms ! We should be working on the causes !
Social programs DO work on the causes ! !
SUICIDE IN COMICS
" WHAT IS THE DEAL "
To convert to Islam , all you have to do is say a few words , called the " Shahadah " . And then , hey presto , you're a Muslim !
THIS KNOWLEDGE MAKES ME FEEL CRAZY .
A new religion is just a few words away ! Dromiceiomimus ! I feel the same craziness I would feel if I discovered that , I don't know - I could change my GENDER by just reciting a sentence or so . Crazy with POWER !
Well , T - Rex , the whole point is that you say these words with conviction and understanding and honestly accept their meaning . It's not like -
I know , I know . IT'S NOT LIKE SUMMONING BEETLEJUICE .
And yet , I still feel like I've discovered the ability to summon Beetlejuice !
You're really into this , eh ?
Yeah ! It blows my mind that there's a phrase you have to say . There's TESTS to become Jewish , and you can be Buddhist just by saying so . But Islam is right in the middle ! No tests , just a magic phrase !
I'm not sure you're the best person to have this knowledge , T - Rex ! Also , don't call it a " magic phrase " .
THAT EVENING :
Excuse me ! Uh , do Muslims have to pay sales taxes here ?
. . . Yes ?
What about people who hear God tell them to " lose a few pounds , chubbs " ?
Um , especially them ?
I've been writing a romance novel !
Or more precisely , I've been sucking SURPRISINGLY HARD at writing a romance novel !
It's terrible , Dromiceiomimus ! All my life I was certain that explosions could spice up ANY narrative , but I've been blowing my main characters up ALL THE TIME and they're still not that interesting ! Check this out : " Antonio Tony and Samantha were explosive - expert friends who decided one day to try kissing each other . It wasn't that bad ! Later on , one of them decided that it was actually pretty bad . "
THE END ?
I think your problem is you're focusing on plot !
How do you figure ?
Romance is about two CHARACTERS meeting and falling in love , but all you've got is narrative . We don't really know anything about your protagonists , so we don't care what happens to them . Flesh them out !
Oh kay !
Samantha was a cowgirl , always on the lookout for a SPUR - of - the - moment marriage . Antonio Tony was a horse enthusiast . " I hope to be SADDLED with a wife soon ! " he thought to himself . They waved wildly at each other across the open plains .
Utahraptor , come quick ! My story's amazing ! !
In some comics when a character is confused , rather than saying anything in particular , they just say a question mark .
I love that shit !
I mean , I love that STUFF . I love that they have the ability to be so confused that the only response is a question mark , the essence of pure confusion . Sometimes they also speak with the essence of pure exclamation , and at others , with the essence of pure ellipsis .
Anyway , this is a skill I've developed in real life !
How ? I don't know how you'd even pronounce a question mark .
Check it out , buddy !
questionmark !
Hey , you know what's weak ? Saying " question mark " really fast .
Hold on , I can do this ! Okay .
$
Oh my God ! ! I'd never actually pulled it off before ! That was amazing !
It sounded like the sound dogs make when they're just about to throw up .
$ $ $ $ $
Guys ! My romance novel still has a terminal case of the totally sucks !
I'm thinking , maybe I have no business writing romantical - like stories ?
I've got CHARACTERS but no spark . They're not falling in love with each other ! They're staring at each other across open plains in the sunset , but when they finally meet up they shake hands cordially . THEN , after a lengthy silence , they inquire about the weather . How do people friggin' fall in love ! ?
Physical attractiveness is a good start !
I tried that !
I ended up with EROTICA , Utahraptor . And I felt very off sitting there , writing about two imaginary people THAT I MADE UP having sex with each other .
Maybe try making them celibate ?
Then there can't be sexy times at all . That's not a bad idea !
LATER :
Okay , I am writing ROMANCE here . No sex !
Shortly after celibately inquiring about the weather , Samantha exclaimed , " Antonio ! I am definitely 'going oral' on you right now ! "
. . . Alright . I'll use that as the title .
BUT THAT'S IT !
Today is a good day I think for assuming that there's such thing as a soul !
Assumption : assumed !
And given this assumption , and the assumption that people care about exploring the idea of a soul , we can easily cast ghosts and zombies as the investigation of the soul - having experience that they are . For what are ghosts , but souls without a body ? And what are zombies , but bodies without a soul ?
In summary and in conclusion , ghosts and zombies allow us to explore the intricacies of soul ( and body ! ) ownership .
So why are both these " explorations of the soul " found in horror stories ?
It's easy !
As people with bodies AND assumed souls , we find the idea of divorcing one from the other terrifying ; therefore , the only way we can explore the consequences of these is through the lens of horror . Tada !
Honestly , I think your theory is a little pat . It doesn't consider all possibilities !
A FEW DAYS LATER , T - REX MEETS A ZOMBIE GHOST !
Utahraptor , you were right ! ! I met a zombie ghost ! He wanted to eat brains but his teeth passed right through brains ! !
Oh yeah ?
I would describe him as " pretty frustrated "
Today is a good day I think for helping folks grappling with grief from the loss of a loved one !
That's right !
Leave it to me to totally solve your emotional problems !
There are many kinds of grief , so I've focused on a particular flavour . When , say , a big meteor hits a dude square on the head and kills him , that's sad . HOWEVER , at the same time , it's also extremely amazing and awesome . It can be hard to reconcile these two , conflicting , emotions .
So what's your solution ?
I propose a new word !
Have you noticed how that's your solution to every problem ?
And have you noticed how it ALWAYS WORKS ?
Today I propose a word meaning " extremely sad , but also extremely amazing " . It can be hard to pull off that emotion ; you don't want people thinking you're TOO into how amazing it was . But if you say , " I'm very [ my new word ] right now " , everyone understands ! Grief has become easier to navigate !
I call my new word " sawesome " !
Sawesome .
Like sad and awesome ?
Someone dropped an arrow out of a plane and it nailed my friend in the eye and it was extremely sawesome ?
Guess who has thier first nightmare EVER last night ? If you guessed me , then HELLS YES that was the correct guess !
T - REX'S FIRST NIGHTMARE
A bunch of us were hanging out in a house , some went outside , and then a nuclear bomb was dropped in the distance and we could see a mushroom cloud in the sky . I ran to the door to close it and pressed up against it as the windows in the house blew inward and radioactive dust covered us all . THEN , after it was quier and we ventured outside , I ran into my friends who surved , but we all agreed we'd had too much radiation and wouldn't make it . It was really realistic !
Sounds like a pretty standard nightmare , my friend !
I know ! I was stoked !
But then these - stupid atomic zombies showed up ? And they started zapping us with cheap - ass lightning bolts coming otu of thier eyes ? It was super dumb , Urahraptor . It was that cheap 60s lightning where they just draw it directly on the film
Zombies don't even have lightning powers !
The REAL nightmare was how poorly my subconscious understands zombies !
Also the atomic bomb being dropped on you .
That as well .
Someone thinks my email address belongs to somebody else ! They keep sending me pictures of their newborn baby , addressed to one " Ren ? Wellek " . As such , I HAVE BECOME REN ? WELLEK .
The course of my life has now been set !
Normally when this happens , I write back the sender and let them know they've got the wrong address , but this time is different . They sent me four separate sets of baby pictures , covering the first four days of her life ! I've already seen this baby grow up four days ! I have a RELATIONSHIP with her now , and I've decided : I'm in for the long haul .
You're not going to correct them ?
Nope !
I've become their silent friend Ren ? , watching this baby grow up over the years . I'll see her first steps ! Her first birthday ! And in 18 or so years , I'll have tears in my eyes as my computer pings and her high school grad pictures download into my inbox . . .
Little creepy , T - Rex !
THAT EVENING :
Okay , here's the news : I am not your friend Ren ? but I am just as good . My name is T - Rex and I am a good role model . I brush my teeth regularly and when I forget to I tell myself to try HARDER . Basically , what I am saying here is " I am a stranger on the internet who has taken a particular interest in your child "
Perfect !
I wonder what things would be like if I could READ MY FRIEND'S THOUGHTS ? ?
T - REX YOU HAVE MORE THAN ONE FRIEND
Thanks , God ! I totally noticed !
NO , BUT MY POINT IS YOU PUNCTUATED THAT IMPROPERLY
WHEN YOU WANT TO SHOW POSSESSION ON A PLURAL NOUN THAT ENDS WITH AN S YOU HAVE TO PUT THE APOSTROPHE AFTER THE S OTHERWISE IT LOOKS LIKE YOU HAVE A SINGLE FRIEND INSTEAD OF PLENTY OF THEM
There's no way you could know what punctuation I was using ! There's NO WAY .
I'M KINDA GOD THOUGH
Still ! Impossible !
What is ?
God knowing if I put the apostrophe in the wrong place in homophonic spoken language ! !
Well , isn't that the old paradox ? Can God create a sentence with grammar so bad , even HE can't correct it ?
I CREATED THE SENTENCE . IT'S FINE .
Secretly , I did punctuate that sentence improperly !
I HEARD THAT
Forget you , man !
I HEART THAT TOO
Aghglug glag ghag
SO UH
THAT ONE DIDN'T MAKE SENSE
COMPRESSED FILM COMICS
today's film :
WARGAMES
I am Matthew Broderick : computer hacker !
And I've accidentally wardialed my way into a secret military computer that I mistake for a game developer's machine . I believe I will play this mysterious game called " GLOBAL THERMONUCLEAR WAR "
Let's bomb Los Angeles !
Kay ! Incidentally , I use an acoustic coupler as a modem , and that's so retro it's cool again .
No argument here
I'm a US Military Agent !
Holy smokes !
You're under arrest for hacking into our computer and also it's still playing your game and it controls our nukes and it's definitely going to start WW ] | [ by launching them against the Soviets . Cold War , remember ?
No worries ! I will teach it the MADness of its actions through zillions of tied games of Tic - Tac - Toe !
LATER :
A strange game , Matthew Broderick . It seems the only winning move is not to play .
Oh my God . I love this movie .
Man , me too ! They should totally do a crossover with me and Skynet .
ERROR 22 : IDEA IS TOO AWESOME
When I was younger , I went to the dentist a lot . MAYBE I DIDN'T BRUSH MY TEETH THAT WELL , OKAY ? OR THAT OFTEN , OR AT ALL .
Oh well ?
But I remember sitting there when I was sixteen or so , with some stranger's fingers in my mouth as he scraped away at my teeth and thinking " MAN , this is a sucky time ! I wish I had something to distract me . I bet if I'd had sex , then I could think about sex , and that would be distracting . Hey ! I should have sex ! It'll make visits to the dentist easier . "
So then what happened ?
Later , I had sex ! Later still , I went back to the dentist .
But it didn't work . The situation was so unerotic , and I was terrified of becoming visibly aroused !
Did you tell the woman you had sex with that the REAL reason for it was so that you could be entertained at the dentist's ?
No ! I mean , it wasn't the reason ! That was just an added bonus !
It made it even MORE special
In fascism , one person is in control of an entire country , and he tells everyone else what to do ! He is the guy who is micromanaging his zergs or whatever .
Maybe this is not so bad ?
It is so bad , T - Rex ! Fascism is bad news ! !
I mean , YES it is , but what if the one guy KNEW what everyone should be doing ? What if he was actually the best person to be in charge of the country ?
Some people would still want to be free !
But WHAT IF he recognized that and let those people be free ?
You're saying if there was a guy who could produce utopia , you'd want him in charge .
Exactly ! Yes !
Okay , but that's not fascism . Fascism is authoritarian and includes these ideas of unity and purity and stuff like that . It's a sort of xenophobic culty nationalism ?
Oh ! I don't like THOSE parts . Well , I guess I don't want to be fascist after all !
$ 100
$ 0 } }
What's that , Dromiceiomimus ?
You're asking , " How much of someone's personality is determined by their body ? "
Well , Dromiceiomimus , that IS an interesting question ! A few years ago I would have said " none " , but now I'm not so sure ! In a way , our bodies do affect who we are : if you've got a strong body , you can be a different person than someone in a weaker body . Trivially , a weak - bodied person wouldn't make a good bully !
I asked none of these questions
And Utahraptor , you're suggesting that not all strong people are bullies ?
I - okay ? !
Well , Utahraptor , I'll agree with you , and clarify that it's a necessary but not a sufficient condition . Bodies affect the life experiences possible , and therefore personality ! And while you're questioning my premise of " nature over nurture " I'll clarify that I'm simply saying that someone in a weak body can't be a very effective bully !
LATER :
Man , NOBODY calls me anymore
If I ever turn into a werewolf , I would DEFINITELY donate my still - living body to science ! The reason is simple : I Care About Science .
Guys ! The advances would be incredible !
I'd have a body that would CHANGE SHAPE in response to the light of a full moon . That's insane ! If we could harness the powers of my sweet - ass hairy body , the advances would be incredible ! We could lose fat and build muscle instantly ! We could restore broken limbs ! WE COULD HELP BALD MEN NOT BE BALD ANYMORE , IF THAT IS WHAT THEY WANTED . Plastic surgeons would be out of a job !
Only for like one day a month !
Part of the research would be extending the effects 24 / 7 !
It would be a utopia , Utahraptor ! All we need is for one werewolf to be brave enough to let science experiment on him , and then we can ALL get a little of the sweet blood fever !
I thought that was vampires .
They should do it too .
LATER :
Hullo , T - Rex ! I dressed up as a werewolf wearing a stethoscope to try to cheer you up !
Oh , Mr . Tusks ! I should call the police . You're so cute it's illegal !
T - Rex I am also a vice mayor
Recently I have discovered something that disturbs me ! My savings account is now less negligible than before , and yet - I kinda want some money ?
This is not the person I thought I was !
When I was a kid I always thought that as long as I had enough money to live without fear of poverty , I'd be fine . But now - I'm treating money like Life Points & # 8482 ; . I want the high score , and I want the scoreboard to say " TRX " at the top , right above " USA " and " ASS " .
I think this is just a matter of figuring out a different sort of Life Points & # 8482 ; !
I agree ! We've got to find something else for you before you've become a cruel amalgam of the uncles Scrooge and Pennybags !
But what ?
How about instead of counting money , you count the number of lives you've touched in a positive way ?
Oh God . Listen , I want something more like " Number of Enemies That Said 'I Wish I Wasn't T - Rex's Enemy Anymore' , Frig " . In fact , that's perfect .
You realize that now you're living for revenge ?
Oh ! People say that's bad , right ? Do you , um , remember any reasons why , off the top of your head ?
Well -
Look , are any sayings about how it's WORSE than living for money ?
Oh my God ! It's him ! I'm sure of it . It's totally him !
Who ?
It's the guy who picks up and spins Will Smith in the credits to " The Fresh Prince of Bell - Air " !
There's no way it's anyone else . Oh my God , Dromiceiomimus , do I go up and say " Hi " ?
. . . Sure ?
But he probably gets that all the time . I don't want to come across as a fan ! I should strike up a conversation and then mention all casually that I like his work , but that I'm not a " fan " or anything . But that might be insulting ! I'll - I'll just admire him from a distance .
Screw it ! ! I'm gonna talk to him , right now !
Who ? Who is it ?
Utahraptor ! It's the guy who spins Will Smith at the start of every Fresh Prince !
No way !
Yep ! ! And I'm going to walk over there and talk to him right now !
NO WAY .
SOON .
Utahraptor ! He says spinning Will Smith every week was his favourite part of the show ! He said they wanted to reuse footage but he kept volunteering to do it " fresh " !
He goes on to say that he regrets the pun , but it's the most appropriate word ?
When people sign a prenuptial agreement , they agree , BEFORE they get married , how to divide up the assets in the event of a divorce !
PRENUPTIAL AGREEMENTS : WHAT'S THE DEAL
What gets me is the whole conflict in them : the position of " I love you and want to spend the rest of my life with you " , with the caveat of " Oh , baby , but just in case " . I understand on a PRACTICAL level about how prenups are - practical , but on the level of love , I don't see how you're allowd to hedge your bets when it comes to marriage ! I thought marriage was the ultimate expression of love .
And you see prenups as being the ultimate expression of love * .
That's it exactly ! Love with an asterisk .
Well , honestly , T - Rex , I think that it's INCREDIBLY presumptuous of you to say that .
I know . I know ! That's what bothers me about it ! Who am I to comment on someone else's marriage ? And yet , I feel compelled to comment on tons of someone else's marriages !
LATER :
Hey Mom ! You know about the prenup you got when you and dad got married ?
Yes , honey ?
I , um -
I got opinions
Maybe I have been too hard on prenups . In a sense , they're sort of a Love Validater , right ?
PRENUPTIAL AGREEMENTS : WELL , MAYBE THIS IS THE DEAL
Because if you have a prenup that says , " Wow , NOBODY'S getting rich off this marriage " , then it's clear that nobody's getting married for the money . The only reason left is love !
Or loneliness .
Or love ! The prenup is a way of announcing AND VERIFYING that you love them for Who They Are , not for what they've got in their pants ! In their wallet in their pants . It was a great metaphor , Dromiceiomimus .
You know , Judaism has long had the " ketubah " , which is basically a prenup !
Really !
Yep ! It specifies divorce penalties but ALSO marital vows , and is hung up in the house . Prenups can mean a lot of different things to people !
Huh ! Maybe the best way to learn about prenups is to get one . Oh my gosh , Utahraptor ! ! Let's get a " friendship prenup " !
Hah ! What ?
LATER , T - REX HAS COMPLETED HIS PRENUP ! WHAT'S IT SAY , T - REX ?
It says " Utahraptor ! Don't steal my comics , UTAHRAPTOR . " Then there's a drawing of him stealing my comics , with an x through it !
A LAWYER drew it for me .
Hey God ! Quick question : how long can I live without water ?
FIVE DAYS
SERIOUSLY ?
That's a bunch of BALONEY !
I'm never more than a week away from death ! Worse than that : I'm never more than a friggin' WORK week away from death ! Baloney !
UH ACTUALLY IT CAN DROP TO TWO OR THREE DAYS DEPENDING ON HEAT AND EXERTION
TWO DAYS ? ! That's terrible ! That's entirely terrible . Listen , life is stupid and I'm going to stockpile water .
But 70 % of the planet's surface is water
Yeah but the remaining 30 % ? THIRSTY CHUMPS .
Look , calm down ! You've made this far without thirsting to death .
I didn't know I had a sliding two - day death window then ! People can go WEEKS without food ! Months ! Two days without water is ridiculous .
Well , I mean , you won't last two hours without oxygen .
AAAAAHHHHHHHHHHH
Life is too friggin' fragile ! And when I say " life " , I mean life in general , but really , I mean my life in particular .
Too . Friggin' . Fragile !
I'm a big guy , so I eat a lot - WHICH IS FINE , except that it increases the chance that I starve to death ! And if I'm smaller I eat less , but I also face jerks trying to eat me ! And if I'm a single cell , nobody's going out of their way to eat me , but I can die if the host I'm in dies or the stream drives up or whatever .
Plus you give up any powers of reasoning .
Man , that too ! !
In summary , life is too fragile and I describe that as " sucks ahoy " !
Maybe you should give up your ego here , T - Rex !
While individuals may be fragile , species can survive a very long time ! Why not see individual lives as single cells in the species : A multi - cellular multi - generational organism ?
Um , because that's a metaphor that doesn't stop me from being food poisoned to death ? ?
LATER , IN COURT !
Your honour , if I steal , I get a few years in jail . If I murder , I get a LIFETIME in jail . But if I forget to eat for a few days or breathe for a few minutes , I DIE FOREVER ?
I'm sorry ?
The punishment does not seem to fit the crime here !
T - REX HAS WRITTEN A STORY ABOUT A DOG THAT GETS SUPER POWERS !
It's awesome ! It was about a dog who didn't have super powers , and then one day , he got some super powers .
BUT THERE IS A DOWNSIDE :
Now everyone thinks MY dog has super powers !
I don't know at what point we all decided that authors aren't allowed to just make things up anymore , but it's totally what's happened to me ! Somehow our fictions have all become real , and " write what you know " is the only creative option .
People actually think your dog has super powers ?
Well , they think he's so great he INSPIRED the super powers . He's actually just - really angry ?
But that's the thing ! Even if I write about something implausible , folks assume there's a real - life inspiration !
Come on , T - Rex !
A lot of your previous stories WERE autobiographical . " My Tiring Day " ? " A Story About Me ( At The End I Sit Down and Write The Book You're Now Reading ) " ? If I were you , I'd write my next book such that if people DID assume it was about me , it would be flattering .
Yes ! Like " The Day I Was EXTRA Nice To The Homeless " !
LATER , T - REX PUBLISHES HIS NEW BOOK ! IT'S CALLED " LOLITA 2 : THE PREQUEL ! NOW LOLITA'S EVEN YOUNGER "
Aw craps .
Today is a good day I think for fixing my life ! I'll do it by putting out a new , less controversial book : " LOLITA III : This Time , She's 30 " .
Nobody can argue with that ! !
In my story there's a new Lolita , and she's thirty , and she goes out with a man who's also thirty and from a similar economic and social background ! They get married and have some okay times . Years later , all the characters die of old age !
It seems a bit - conservative !
I could make some changes ! But did you notice how everyone was clearly of the age of majority though ?
THE BOOK IS PUBLISHED :
T - Rex , your new book is basically terrible !
* gasp *
I'm serious ! The " new Lolita " has nothing to do with the old one , and nothing interesting happens except when " LoHEta " shows up , explains that he's the new manly male Lolita , and then leaves the narrative entirely .
He shows up again in the epilogue ! Utahraptor ! You didn't even finish my book !
At the end , Loheta addresses the reader directly and explains that if you replace " she " with " he " and " hers " with " definitely his " in the ORIGINAL Lolita , you can read all about his adventures !
It's called " setting up a spinoff " ; look it up ?
You know what I'm tired of feeling ?
EMOTIONS
Pain !
( Emotions too . )
But seriously , guys ! Why do we need pain ?
It hurts !
And you can't turn it off . It's like a phone that won't stop ringing whenever I'm hurt , and when I answer it , it's always friggin' Pain calling and he won't get off the line . I say " Yeah , I get it Pain , I stubbed my toe . " and he says " Yeah , it still hurts like a bitch . Can I say bitch ? It really hurts , T - Rex " , and I say " Look , Pain . I know . " and he stays on the line and I say " Pain , you've gotta find other people to call . You've got to get other hobbies . "
I'd prefer looking down and seeing that my toe is stubbed to , um , EXCRUCIATING PAIN .
So you want leprosy .
Uh NO , I didn't say I want my LIMBS to fall off .
Leprosy doesn't make your limbs fall off ! ! You lose SENSATION in your body , so you can do things like accidentally crush your fingers and not notice . Hey , how's the centuries - old prejudice over there ? Pretty uninformed ? Pretty BIASED ?
Utahraptor ! You were totally a jerk to me just now ! And if you're hoping I'm going to shout after you that " Now I wish my HEART couldn't feel pain " , I'm not !
I'm just thinking it , okay ? ?
Hey , it's Utahraptor ! Wait - IS that Utahraptor . . . ? Oh my God ! It's . . . IT'S . . . .
Dromiceiomimus , you won't believe who I just met !
Who ?
FUTURE UTAHRAPTOR ! I'm serious , I saw him ! He looked like Utahraptor , but he was aged thirty years , and it was the Most Amazing Thing . It couldn't have been anyone else ! It was CLEARLY thirty years older Utahraptor .
So what happened then ?
Well , I was staring !
And you noticed it , obviously , but then you turned to me , made eye contact , and nodded with an almost undetectable Mona Lisa smile , just once . It was this amazing nod that said , " Don't worry , T - Rex . Things will be alright . Everything's gonna work out fine . "
Hah ! Future me's awesome .
MEANWHILE , FORTY YEARS IN THE FUTURE !
Dear audio diary !
i miss my friend utahraptor
EARLY ONE MORNING :
Police report a rash of interior vandalism : members of the public are waking up to find their interior walls defaced !
What's that , radio ?
Street artists have moved indoors ?
But I have an indoors ! !
SECONDS LATER :
Aw man !
Actually . . . it's a pretty good likeness ?
THAT AFTERNOON :
T - Rex ! ! Did you draw yourself in my kitchen giving a thumbs up ?
It wasn't me !
In fact , someone drew Dromiceiomimus and a house and a car in MY kitchen !
Hey - If that's the case , maybe Dromiceiomimus got an illustration of me ?
Let's pay her a visit and find out !
DROMICEIOMIMUS'S HOUSE :
I've got boner fever ! !
What ? What and outrageous illustration ! !
That fever has long since PASSED
Performative utterances are things that you can say , and hey presto , you've changed your life and the world around you ! You've changed your life with WORDS . Like the Shahadah , this is insane ! This is totally insane .
Let's do it ! !
There's simple ones like " I promise to clean your room " ( your future is now altered ) , but there's bigger ones like " I now pronounce you husband and wife " : you weren't married before , and now , oh my God you guys , you're totally married ! And then there's " I hereby christen this ship 'HMS Sinkytowne' " and " I sentence you to death by misadventure " .
Saying " We declare war " is the same , isn't it ?
Sure is ! !
Yeah , but you're only legally married when you sign the paperwork !
Well -
And it's the same with christenings and sentences AND declarations of war : they all require paperwork ! I'D argue that the performative utterance is just part of the ceremony , and that the real change is made when you sign on the dotted line .
Well , I mean . . . that's just our society ?
T - REX YOU WOULD HAVE EASILY WON THIS ARGUMENT IF YOU'D MADE IT BEFORE THE INVENTION OF PAPER
Ah well . I'm still glad we invented paper !
ME TOO
OTHERWISE WHAT WOULD THE HMS SINKYTOWNE BE MADE OUT OF
Utahraptor was so wrong about performative utterances yesterday !
HOW WRONG WAS HE
So ! He was so wrong .
And I only realized it after he left !
A leader declares war on television , then that's war , regardless of whether he's signed the paperwork yet . He's changed the world just by talking ! With sentencing it's the same : the judge tells you your sentence and that's it , and the paperwork is just that - paperwork ! RECORDKEEPING . And the same for marriages ! The license is just to let the GOVERNMENT know what's already happened . I was right ! I was totally right ! !
T - Rex , remember yesterday ? You were totally right ! Fully and completely .
Aw no ! Seriously ?
You're seriously going to rob me of my Comeuppance Satisfaction by admitting you were wrong before I get to point it out to you ? You're going to be That Guy ?
Which guy ?
The guy who does what you're doing ! Argh ! You ARE being that Guy !
Look , sorry for admitting I was wrong , I guess ?
That's another performative ! ! You're tacitly endorsing their existence ! I'M SECONDS AWAY FROM MY HEAD FADING INTO A CARTOON STEAM WHISTLE AND GOING " TOOT TOOT . "
I'M ANGRY BUT I THINK IT'S GONNA BE AWESOME
In the 15th and 16th centuries , spoken English changed dramatically , with vowels changing pronunciation and moving upwards in the mouth . Before it , we all sounded like ye olde - fashioned chumps . Afterwards , we all sounded hip and modern !
It was a century of kids outcooling their parents !
Before , " boots " was pronounced " boats " , and " feet " like " fate " . PRETTY OLD FASHIONED , dudes ! But what's amazing is that the printing press was invented just before this started , and it was at this point that the spellings of words really got fixed . That's why English has so many oddly - spelt words ! They show the pronunciation of words as they were , just before we underwent the Great Vowel Shift and decided to , you know , say everything differently .
And nobody knows why it happened !
I know ! It's so amazing !
Linguists are like , " Maybe immigration from the Black Death caused regional accents to be absorbed ? " and then another says , " Maybe the English wanted to distinguish their language from the hated French ? " and then they both shrug at each other !
I don't think & # 8212 ;
I saw it ! !
15TH CENTURY ENGLAND
Hey peasants ! Tell all your friends to pronounce " boner " like " bone - air " , okay ? It'll make the future HILARIOUS .
No way ! However , maybe we WILL tell them to diphthongize their highest long vowels .
Guys ! So not as cool ! !
I have a new life goal : to become a hairdresser !
Scratch that : to become the BEST HAIRDRESSER EVER !
But T - Rex , um , you and I don't really have - -
Before you go any further , let me clarify that I'll be a hairdresser for MAMMALS . These guys have ALL SORTS of hair coming out of ALL SORTS of places . I'll trim it and they'll say " Wow , this hair cut has made me a WAY better looking mammal ! Thanks for trimming the hair off my head , sweat glands and mammaries ! "
I don't understand why you keep lusting after these doomed careers , my friend !
Explain !
You have no hair and want to be a hairdresser . You have stubby arms and want to be a boxer . Why not get a job that plays to your strengths ?
Utahraptor ! I have nothing BUT strengths !
Okay , fine , enjoy your hair - dressing . You just stepped on one of your customers .
Dear Diary !
My new job is getting . . . a little hairy .
The Temple of Artemis was one of the Seven Wonders of the World . It was this really big temple , you guys ! But it was burned down . Arson !
Arsonist's name was Herostratus !
And the ancient Greeks would be TOTALLY PISSED that I just said that ! They were so angry at Herostratus - who freely admitted that he burned down A WONDER OF THE WORLD just because he wanted his name to be remembered - that they not only executed him , but they erased him from history , forbidding anyone from mentioning his name ! Under penalty of death !
Pretty friggin' intense ! !
But it didn't work !
Nope !
It turns out you can't make a law saying " dudes nobody say this guy's name anymore okay " without saying his name SOMEWHERE ? But , I mean , I understand why they were upset . Kind of a dick move , Herostratus . I want to go down in history , but not for being the world's Suckiest Greek .
I hear that !
LATER , T - REX AND UTAHRAPTOR GO DOWN IN HISTORY FOR BEING THE WORLD'S SUCKIEST GREEKS :
Damn it , T - Rex ! All the irony surrounding YOUR friggin' life is now rubbing off on me !
I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry ! !
Okay , so Herostratus burned down the Temple of Artemis . But what happened to the other wonders of the World ? My friends , I ask a bold question : indeed , the boldest . I ask the question shied away from by the greatest minds of our age :
Isn't it true that they were ALL destroyed by Herostratus ?
T - REX THE MAUSOLEUM AND HANGING GARDENS AND COLOSSUS AND LIGHTHOUSE WERE ALL DESTROYED BY EARTHQUAKES LEAVING THE STATUE OF ZEUS TO BURN DOWN AND THE GREAT PYRAMID OF GIZA TO UM CONTINUE TO HANG AROUND
Earthquakes , huh ? Huh . I guess Herostratus wasn't actually a time - travelling , mustachio - twirling , World Wonder destroying villain . Ah well ! That's why pencils have erasers , right ?
But T - Rex , what would you call earthquakes ?
Natural disasters ?
Insurance motivators ? Uh , building complicaters ? Domino frustraters ? Wobbley Times U . S . A . ? Um . . . Shakey Shakes Central ?
Couldn't you also call them . . . " ACTS OF GOD " ?
Oh my God ! God is like Herostratus times - - um , five !
MAN I'M BLAMED FOR EVERYTHING BUT i NEVER GET THE CREDIT FOR HOW PEOPLE'S HEADS EXPLODE WHEN SEEING SOMETHING REALLY SURPRISING
Maybe because that never happens !
LISTEN
YOU GUYS NEED TO FIGURE OUT SOME MORE SURPRISING STUFF BECAUSE IT'S GONNA BE GREAT
Computers have gotten way better in recent years . A new computer can beat a moldy old one from twenty years ago !
FACT .
Wouldn't it be great if rhetoric had evolved in the same way ? I could have this hyper - evolved speaking that could convince anyone to do whatever I say , as long as they didn't have similar rhetorical powers to match ! Anyone not inured to my amazing powers of speechifying would be putty in my hands . " Oh , T - Rex , I'm not sure I should do this " they'd say , and then I'd say " Oh maybe you should though " and they'd be all , " Awesome . "
It would be a disaster for society !
Rude , my friend !
I meant if there was such an advance . Early language learners would acquire languages the best , so it would be a generation of toddlers convincing their parents that letting them poop their pants is sweet . If you don't see what's bad for society in that , well - enjoy pooping your pants !
The word 'poop' is cool : it's transitive , but only for 'pants' . You can pee your pants too though . Maybe it's the noun 'pants' ? Further research certainly seems warranted .
Maybe I will , Utahraptor ! MAYBE I'LL ENJOY POOPING MY PANTS EACH AND EVERY DAY ! !
I've noticed that some songs are quite good at evoking memories and moods . If I listen to a song I haven't listened to since high school , suddenly I am back in high school again !
METAPHORICALLY .
So hey , time for an experiment where I am the subject ! From now on I'm going to listen to a new song repeatedly over each 3 - month period . It'll become indelibly associated with who I am then , and this way when I want to remember what I felt like from July to September inclusive fifteen years ago , I can just listen to the same song again . It'll all come flooding back !
That's - well , that's not a bad idea !
I know , right ?
If it works , I can go further , also consigning smells and foods to certain periods in my life ! I'll be an old man , looking up " first marriage " in my database , and then reaching for a record player and my first bite of Wensleydale in years .
I'm getting in on this action too !
BUT THEN , DISASTER !
Aw frig ! Someone has mashed up Jay - Z's " Dirt Off Your Shoulder " and the 1 - 1 theme from Mario 3 ! Suddenly my current crush and the death of my first dog have become irrevocably mixed ! !
I feel very oddly about dead dogs right now
You know what I don't like ?
WHAT DON'T YOU LIKE
Star Trek !
Only one part of it though ! !
I don't like when they encounter something amazing in Engineering or wherever and call up to the bridge and say " Captain , you'd better get down here . " Explain what it is ! THIS IS WHAT PEOPLE DO . I don't call up my friends and say , " Utahraptor , you'd better get down here . " and he ways " Why ? " and I say " Oh Utahraptor , if only we had descriptive language ; if only I could describe something using my words . But you know as well as I that I can only point and say , lookit . "
So don't watch those parts of Star Trek !
I try , but it's everwhere ! Even not on Star Trek !
The news always says , " Up next : what's in your bathroom that may be trying to kill you ! " and then go to commercials . This is psychopathic . I'm the Captain and they don't even want me in Engineering ! They want me on the couch for the next three minutes of ads .
That IS one way of looking at it !
LATER :
Tonight at 11 : what you're eating that could be taking TWENTY YEARS off your life ! !
I'M THE CAPTAIN
In conversations , speakers generally try to make helpful contributions , and listeners generally assume that this is the case ! This is called the " cooperative principle " , and philosopher Paul Grice proposed it ! He's dead now .
It's useful because it allows inferred meanings !
We can be at a party and someone can say " Where's Utahraptor ? " and I can say " He's sick " and they understand that he's not here BECAUSE he's sick . Inferred meaning ! If they don't assume I'm cooperating then I'm just offering non - relevant information , on the same level as if I answered " Utahraptor's got shufflepants . " and then clarified " They're pants that shuffle when he walks . "
But maybe I'm not at the party BECAUSE of my shufflepants !
See ?
The cooperative principle is so ingrained that even when I say non sequiturs , you're looking for a way to read it under the assumption I'm cooperating .
So I should assume that you're a disingenuous and unhelpful jerk .
Yes !
In this example , I mean . In real life I am a charmer , of course ! ! Hah ! I am loveable and trustworthy and good at conversations !
. . .
I've had FIVE girlfriends , Utahraptor .
So Paul Grice went on to clarify his cooperative principle , identifying four maxims describing how people generally communicate . He called these " GRICEAN Maxims " .
Nice one , Paul Grice !
He's dead now . These maxims are pretty useful though ! There's the Maxim of Quality ( don't lie ) , the maxim of quantity ( only say enough to make your point , no more or less ) , the Maxim of Relation ( be relevant ) and the Maxim of Manner ( be clear , brief , and unambiguous ) . These are four different different ways we cooperate with each other when communicating !
And if I were to say " I kissed him with my lips on the lips " , that would be breaking Quantity !
Yes !
And arguably Manner . But by breaking them , I look for a HIDDEN meaning indicated by the flouting of the maxim ! " What is so important about your and his lips ? " I might ask myself .
They're like little pillows .
Hah !
. . . What ?
YEARS LATER , UTAHRAPTOR ONCE AGAIN REFERS TO HIS LIPS AS " LITTLE PILLOWS " :
Hah !
. . . Still ?
Okay , time to invent a new superhero ! Then I'll make a movie about him , and THEN , I'll be famous ! Then I'll also have a lot of disposable income ?
LATER :
Inventing superheroes : too friggin' hard !
Every good superhero power is taken . He's invulnerable - oh , there's Superman . Okay , he CAN be hurt , but he recovers : oh , hey Wolverine ! Okay , he CAN be hurt , and then , he dies . Oh , Batman's at this party too ? Hey Batman .
Maybe you should focus more on themes instead of powers , T - Rex !
I tried that , but every theme is taken too !
Impossible !
Speed theme : check . Spider theme : check ! Iron Man theme : TOTALLY CHECKED . There's nothing left !
I think theme is more " what your story says " than " what your character is able to do " . See the difference ?
I do but listen I really think powers are more interesting .
SOON , INSPIRATION STRIKES !
He's a Transformer , but he's also biologically human ! So he has to deal with THEMES associated with either being a man , or being a soft , warm , fleshy and hairy semi truck filled with blood intestines and lungs .
TRILOGY PLZ
THE COSO ARTEFACT
. . . is totally amazing , you guys ! Totally amazing .
It's a SPARK PLUG that was discovered encased in solid rock !
So awesome . A spark plug found inside a geode , surrounded by material that would have taken 500 , 000 years to collect ! Is this truly CONCLUSIVE EVIDENCE that we will one day visit the distant past , and drop spark plugs in sediment while we're at it ? I would argue " Definitely , dudes ! " I would argue that there can be no other explanation and I would argue that it's gonna be great .
The " Coso Artefact " wasn't found in a geode , T - Rex !
It wasn't ?
It was found in a concretion , and I'm sorry to tell you that those can develop in only a few years ! There are marshes in England with WWII - era bombs encased in concretions as well . It's cool , but it's not proof of time travellers !
Man . Logical explanations keep letting me down ! !
T - REX HOW DO YOU KNOW THAT UTAHRAPTOR ISN'T THE TIME TRAVELLER WHO LOST THE SPARK PLUG IN THE DISTANT PAST IN THE FIRST PLACE
MAYBE HE'LL SAY ANYTHING TO COVER IT UP
* gasp *
Conspiracies !
If I were impatient , I'd be a jerkier person . I'd always be hurrying people up , and people would not want to hang around me in grocery store lines .
Furthermore , if I didn't have my sense of humour , chicks would like me less !
Clearly , my personality is Important ! It's why my friends like me . But strokes can change people's personality , and anyone can have one at BASICALLY any time ! It's totally ridiculous . My body already has like five ways it can betray me for no reason that I can name off the top of my head , and those ways are called Alzheimer's , Old Age , Respiratory Failure , Heart Attacks , Terminal Boner Fever , and Dementia . IT DOES NOT NEED ANOTHER .
" Oooh , look at me , I'm T - Rex and I've found another way to be terrified of the future ! "
I'm not !
I'm terrified of DYING . Totally different .
Most everyone else gets through life without being terrified of death , T - Rex , and some even look death in the face every day ! You should talk to stunt drivers , or like , bear aggravators . You could learn from them !
LATER :
Excuse me , stunt driver ? Are YOU afraid of death ?
The only thing I'm afraid of is NOT parachuting out of a hot air balloon , landing on a motorcycle , and jumping over 16 buses end - to - end ! ! EXTREME ! !
So . . . yes ?
Two months ago I noticed I had a small case of the chubbs ! So I decided to lose some weight , and THEN , I lost the weight . I just ate fewer foods ?
Guys , this is terrible !
Nobody who's trying to lose weight wants to hear from the guy who shed pounds like they were a Hallowe'en costume . . . in July , or something . That is to say , " quickly " ?
The point is that dieting is about commiserating , and I'm the guy who shows up to the party saying " guys , it's not hard " and that my secret to weight - loss success is " um , eating less . "
Maybe you can present it in a more positive way ?
How ?
Well , instead of saying " I just ate less " , why not say " while portion control remains the most important part of weight loss , healthier choices and an active lifestyle all contribute towards positive changes in our lives " ?
Utahraptor , I'm your friend and even I hate you a little just from that sentence .
LATER :
Hey , T - Rex , looking good ! Have you lost weight ?
Yeah ! It took a whole lot of diet plans , and . . . and breakfast shakes ?
NICE .
GREGOR MACGREGOR COMICS
That name is totally made up . It was made up by a Scottish Enthusiast .
I'm just sayin' .
Anyway , Gregor MacGregor was this explorer guy in the 1800s !
In 1820 he sailed from the Mosquito Coast of Central America to England , with the news that one of the native kings there had given him 30 , 000 km2 of land ! The land was incredibly fertile , the natives helpful , and he'd already established an army , banks , civil service AND democracy there . You couldn't walk without tripping on the gold nuggets that littered the ground , and MacGregor was selling land grants at a very reasonable rate ! !
You're describing the FICTIONAL nation of Poyais , T - Rex ! That was a huge scam !
It - what ?
When the colony boats arrived , instead of opera houses they found untamed jungle , tropical disease and venomous snakes . One settler even committed suicide after trading his life savings for passage . By the time a rescue boat was sent and returned to London , 180 of the 240 emigrants had DIED .
SEE T - REX THIS IS WHY I KEEP SAYING YOU SHOULD FINISH YOUR BOOKS BEFORE TELLING YOUR FRIENDS ABOUT THEM
It wasn't a book ! !
It was a WIKIPEDIA PAGE that got BORING half - way through .
COMICS IN WHICH T - REX HAS DEVELOPED SUPER HEALING POWERS , WHICH ALLOW HIM TO RECOVER FROM ANY INJURY ALMOST INSTANTLY
I wonder if today is a lovely day to go on a walk !
Hey ! It IS a lovely day to go on a walk !
ANYWAY T - REX NEVER INJURED HIMSELF THAT DAY AND THE POWERS WORE OFF SOON AFTER
THE END
T - REX'S GREATEST FEAR COMICS
My greatest fear is having superpowers and not realizing it !
Really ?
Oh my God , I'm TERRIFIED of missing out . I might have elevated strength , but I never try to lift a skyscraper over my head , you know ? How would I discover which muscles to flex to make lasers shoot out of my hands ?
Hah !
Yep ! I'm serious ! It is The Worst Life .
I don't know I have powers , and over and over again I stand by as everyone close to me gets injured OR WORSE in accidents I could have easily prevented , if only I knew !
Utahraptor ! When I die I get an award for " Most Opportunities Missed " and nobody claps ! !
. . . ummary and in conclusion , that's how " in medias res " works ! THE END .
LITERARY TECHNIQUES COMICS
today's technique : IN MEDIAS RES
Dromiceiomimus .
T - Rex .
Utahraptor .
T - Rex ! That's not " in medias res " ! !
In medias res is when you join a story mid - way through , not just before the end ! It's Lation for " in the Middle of things " ? What you're doing is a different literary technique , known only as " Bad Storytelling " .
Oh yeah ? Well I've got a literary technique for YOU , my friend ! It's called TELLING OFF UTAHRAPTOR ! !
MEANWHILE IN TUDOR ENGLAND
Shakespeare , add a dinosaur character to Hamlet called " Utahraptor " and have Hamlet tell him off , okay ?
dinosaurs haven't been discovered yet
What's that ?
DINOSAURS HAVEN'T BEEN DISCOVERED YET
Shakespeare ! Take the credit ! !
DIFFERENT WAYS TO END A RELATIONSHIP
a comic for dudes and ladies who need to end relationships
but who are TOTALLY STUMPED
METHOD 1 : SAYING " IT'S OVER "
It's OVER !
YEAH , LIKE THAT !
METHOD 2 : SAYING " I'VE MET SOMEONE NEW "
I've met someone new !
Are they awesome ? Maybe we could be friends !
I hadn't expected the conversation to go this way , but . . . maybe ?
METHOD 3 : FAKING FOREIGN ACCENTS
Vass ess das !
That's supposed to be - German ?
HOW ABOUT SMS ? YOU COULD ALWAYS BREAK UP WITH SOMEONE OVER SMS .
Ridiculous . What are you going to say ? " WE NEED TO BREAK UP ; ) " ?
" WE HAD SOME GOOD TIMES ! ; ) "
" SORRY IT DIDN'T WORK OUT : O "
" R U COOL ? ? THIS CONVERSATION IS REALLY EXPENSIVE "
OKAY FINE T - REX , HOW ABOUT MATURELY DEALING WITH YOUR INTERPERSONAL PROBLEMS ? THAT IS HILARIOUS RIGHT
That is kinda hilarious if it's like this big weiner guy doing that !
SUPER
DIFFERENT WAYS TO MEET NEW PEOPLE TO DATE
a comic for dudes and ladies who are newly single and who are like , man , SCREW THIS
METHOD 1 : TAKE UP SPORTS !
You can meet people at sports !
I GUESS
METHOD 2 : ASK YOUR FRIENDS IF THEY HAVE ANY SEXY FRIENDS THEY COULD INTRODUCE YOU TO !
Beyond me , that is !
YES . YOU SHOULD DEFINITELY SAY " DO YOU HAVE ANY SEXY FRIENDS , BEYOND ME , THAT IS " AND THEN DATE WHOEVER THEY COME UP WITH
METHOD 3 : DATE YOUR BEST FRIEND'S SIBLINGS !
Don't date my siblings , T - Rex !
FINE
METHOD 4 : GOING UP TO STRANGERS AND SAYING " EXCUSE ME , BUT YOU ARE INCREDIBLY ATTRACTIVE ! "
That's kinda sketch . It can go either way but I think it veers wildly towards Sketchtowne .
WHAT IF YOU THRUST YOUR HIPS AFTERWARDS
That - doesn't help ?
METHOD 5 : RANDOM SELECTION FROM THE PHONE BOOK !
Excuse me , are you " Jennifer Klug " ?
Yes ? Are you on speakerphone ?
Jennifer - Yes . Do you want a boyfriend who's only a little desperate ?
As a gentleman who is not afraid to say what we're all thinking , I'm going to say what we're all thinking .
Guys ! We totally need a new analogy for sex !
The one we have now is BROKEN . Sex as hunger ? Okay , it works with " sexual appetite " and it works in that you want sex , and then you have sex , and then you're like , man , that's all the sex * I * can handle , and then in a little while you start to get the munchies for sex again . But that's it !
Sounds like a good analogy to me !
But it's totally not !
I can die if I don't get any food , but if I don't get any sex , then I just - keep on keepin' on ? Also if I'm hungry , I can't lock myself in a room and satisfy my hunger with my own food that's BASICALLY almost as good as the genuine item .
Food that you produce yourself ?
Food that the Catholic church really doesn't want you eat ?
Hah hah , ewwwww ! Gross ! !
Seriously though , there are problems with the analogy .
I have begun to receive insulting spam messages : really vitriolic ones !
Ant there's not even a product to buy !
It's like - it's this one spammer who got SO PISSED that nobody was enlarging their penis anymore that he just went off the deep end . And now he's insulting thousands of people per second in the most hateful vile and terrible screeds I've ever read . So awful !
But how do you know it's spam ?
Huh ?
Well , has anyone else gotten messages like this ? Maybe the guy really just dislikes you !
I - I assumed it was spam because of all the spelling mistakes and because the guy's name was " Boorishly P . Foundry " ! But - hmm . . .
TEN POINT EIGHT YEARS AGO :
Hey Boorishly ! Your name sounds made up ! :
Huh ! That didn't get me so mad initially , but I think it's making me madder at the rate of 1 / 1000th of a rage unit per day !
Hey Boorishly ! WHATEVER
Guess who had a bike accident yesterday morning ! If you guessed " Shit ! T - Rex ? " you are correct ! !
Also , you shouldn't swear !
But it was me . I was biking and a dog darted in front of me and I guess it turns out I'm not a guy who will run over a dog ! I'll run over a squirrel no problem but I swerve and slam on my brakes and go over the handlebars of my bike to avoid hitting a dog .
T - REx , I've always wondered : how do you ride a bike with your tine ar -
I get them custom made , DROMICEIOMIMUS .
So you swerved to avoid a dog and were thrown from your bike , going over the handlebars .
Yep !
So where are the cuts ? You should have at least a little road rash .
They're all , um , on my opposite side with now . The side you can't see .
So turn around !
Hello ! I am late for an appointment ! Also , I don't have to listen to you ! !
SUDDEN DEPRESSING ENDING COMICS !
There are no scratches ! Alright ?
I - I just . . .
I wanted to be the guy that swerved
Tired of every day being the same as the last ?
Maybe ?
Maybe just a little ?
Then MAYBE you should try my great idea of assigning an emotion to every day of the calendar ! !
For example , January 1st could be " excited " . And then January 2nd could be " elated " . And then January 3rd could be " disgust " .
So we all have to be excited on January 1st ?
No , but it's like - we're aware of it ! So it COLOURS the day , and gives us something to look forward to . Every day becomes a holiday ! " March 3rd is contentment day ! " , we'll say . " I hope it comes soon . "
I find it hard to believe you've come up with 365 ( to 366 ) different emotions !
I basically have !
I could only come up with about 20 emotions , but I doubled that by adding " very " . Then I doubled them again by adding " not very " and " inappropriately " . There's - there's more adverbs .
I'm not sure if it'll -
I'm doing it and it's gonna be great ! !
BUT IT IS BAD NEWS FOR FIRST DATES :
Today's Awkward Day , eh ? God knows I've already got enough of that !
Hah hah hah
* sigh *
Hey , who wants to party ? I woke up and I said " I want to party ! " and then I gasped because it was BONA FIDE FACTS .
Is this TRULY the day when everyone else wants to party as well ?
Hey Dromiceiomimus - wanna party ? ?
I can't , T - Rex ! I've got a dentist appointment .
We can party afterwards !
Depends on how it goes at the dentist , I think . I don't want to party with new fillings .
UTAHRAPTOR . He'll want to party ! That guy parties like it's 1999 , a rock star , AND like Marty .
I can't , man !
My brother and his kid are coming over . A quiet night in , you know ?
Man ! I even checked with God and he was all " I'M BUSY WITH GOD STUFF BLAH BLAH BLAH HEY I'M TOO IMPORTANT TO COME PARTY WITH MY AWESOME DINOSAUR FRIEND " . Who am I going to party with , the Devil ?
MMM T - REX I HAVE NEVER RECEIVED SUCH AN INVITATION FROM YOU AND I WILL BE PLEASED TO ATTEND
IS THIS A PARTY OF THE LAN OR RPG VARIETY
It's - um , I'm not -
I CAUTION YOU
IT CAN BE BOTH
Screw all those guys ; I can have a fun time without partying ! I can have a fun time doing anything . And I'll prove it !
I'll have a fun time learning about ACCOUNTING BEST PRACTICES !
LATER :
Well Dromiceiomimus , I guess this really just goes to show you : when you spend a few hours reading up on a financial bookkeeping . . . there's no ACCOUNTING for what you'll learn !
oh god
T - Rex ! You just spent hours learning about accounting for a pun !
I - I guess !
You're actually - you're bettering yourself for the sake of a pun . It's impressive . It's annoying AND impressive . It's like you spent years getting a medical degree just so you could mess with Photoshop and claim a picture has been " doctored " .
Hah hah ! Awesome !
LATER : MEDICAL SCHOOL !
What's that ? Medical school is actually very hard to get into and you're not going to let me in ? I guess I've been . . . SCHOOLED ?
Not unless you get in , no .
. . . Ah .
I wonder what someone studying my life for a FUTURE BIOGRAPHY would think about me . What does it mean that I spend so much time doing the things I do ?
And what if they got the analysis wrong ?
What if they saw my interest in smooching as indicative of feelings of sexual inadequacy ? What if they see my stepping on houses as symbolic of the way I let my rugged manly heart step on all but the most amusing of emotions it experiences ?
Huh ?
I'm just concerned that after I'm dead , folks will write books about me filled with sass !
I think I've figured you out , my friend !
Explain !
You WANT your actions analyzed . You want it because if a third party analyzes them , not only does that suggest they're interesting , but it also gives them intrinsic meaning : there must be something there worthy of analysis ! You never have to worry about living a meaningful life if there's someone else to find meaning for you .
Utahraptor ! You realize that you just analyzed my actions today and found meaning in them ?
Aw man ! It wasn't on purpose ! !
I'm going to go write " boners ahoy " on a bathroom wall and then you can tell me why , okay ?
T - REX HAS WRITTEN A NEW STORY !
Yes ! It's about a guy named " Clarke Kente " ! His name is CLOSE to Superman's secret identity , but legally and creatively distinct .
And then in my story Clarke's looking for a girlfriend !
And then he meets a woman named " Louise Laan " and then they're dating and there's some smooching and romance and it all ends in marriage . The end !
What ? That's it ? That's the story ?
It's a good story ! It's heartwarming and the theme is that , SOMETIMES , people can fall in love . Aww ! Everyone loves to be reminded of that !
So do Superman comics exist in this story ?
Nope ! Nobody knows about Superman .
Ah , so you use the characters to finally give Clark Kent the quiet and stable relationship with Lois he could never have as Superman .
No , that would be good , but that's not my story . My story is a simple love tale about simple people , with names that are legally and creatively distinct .
LATER : PHONE CALLS !
DC Comics , quit hasslin' me ! Clarke and Louise and Bruce Swaine are my own characters !
Um , I'm just a telemarketer who wants to sell you some long distance ?
Listen , if we both pretend we can both get what we want out of this conversation , okay ?
As of today , I am officially living in the future !
That's because as of TODAY , I am the proud owner of a robot !
His name is Breadmatic 5000 and he's great . His specialty ? Baking friggin' bread !
That's not a robot , T - Rex ! That's a standard bread machine .
He's a robot ! He's a robot and he sits on the kitchen counter and when I press the " Breadmatic , I would like some bread tonight " button and then put the ingredients inside him , he turns them into bread . You know how he does it ? Through ROBOTICS .
He's not even anthropomorphic !
Robots don't have to be ! !
Breadmatic is a box because that is ROBOTICALLY DETERMINED to be the optimal shape for bread production , okay ?
You bought him at the grocery store .
You live in a bland world of consumer electronics , Utahraptor . I live in a world of robot pals who bake me food !
THAT EVENING :
Breadmatic , I'm worried ! The fact that you're a robot is already coming between me and my non - robot friends !
YOUR BREAD IS NOW : READY
Sometimes , Breadmatic , in my most private moments . . .
. . . sometimes I worry that I won't be enough .
The Woman Who Woke Up As A Man
by T - Rex
Once upon a time there was a woman who woke up as a man ! That's her . Pretty tough , right / Frig !
Anyway she woke up as a totally tough dude , stepping on houses like they were toy Monopoly houses , like in the picture ? Everyone liked her . But her female form was missing and eventually people thought that she was murdered ! Nobody believed her that she was a dude now and they thought maybe HE ( the girl ) murdered her ( herself ) . She went to jail and EVENTUALLY , she died in jail , from a terminal case of too much being . . . in jail .
THE END .
T - Rex , I read your comic ! The one you slipped under my door with the note " FEED BACK PLZ ; ) " ?
And ?
Well , okay , you don't explain how or why the woman switched sexes , and I don't get why you wrote a story where a guy who looks like you is a woman , only to basically ignore the premise . And um , the ending was among the most un - satisfying I'd ever read .
I see !
MEANWHILE , IN THE PAST !
T - Rex , it's me , T - Rex from the future ! Don't let Utahraptor read your comic because he's going to be a dick about it , okay ?
I still say " dick " in the future ?
I'm from like 2 hours in the future , so YEAH
" Tina's Curse " by Utahraptor
Tina Rex was a woman with a curse . Tina Rex was a woman with a very peculiar curse .
Ever since she was six , Tina Rex knew that she was one day to wake up as a man !
She had been given this curse by her stepmother , who hated her , and presumably men as well . The curse didn't scare Tina . Failing to meet monthly progress reports scared her , missing a checkpoint on her Five - Year Plan scared her , but being a man was like being a woman , she figured , only with more prostate exams . She smiled at her joke . Tina Rex woke up as a man on her 31st birthday .
So ! Did you read my rewrite of your comic ?
IT WAS SO TERRIBLE
Okay , listen , you're not allowed to rewrite my stories anymore . Prostate exam jokes ? Seriously ? I stopped reading it three panels in .
What ? It got better ! It got great !
It sure did , once I rewrote it extensively ! !
TINA , THE DUDE WHO PUNCHED THE FUTURE
Tina is a woman who can Punch The Future . This means that she'd punch somewhere , and then three weeks later you'd walk over there and go " Ow who punched me . " One time she punched a monocle guy who said " Ow , my crotch ! " and then he turned around and he said " Ow , my bum ! " THE END ?
COMICS FOR ROOMMATES ( print and save ! )
This is a great comic for if you need to talk to a sucky roommate , but then you're like , " Man ! I don't want to talk to a sucky roommate ! "
Attention , sucky roommate ! !
You may be surprised to see this comic lying around . I regret to inform you that it was placed here for a reason ! Yes , I'm sorry , sucky roommate , but you are being kind of a sucky roommate .
Maybe that can change though ?
Yes ! Maybe if you stopped leaving your used - up socks in the kitchen or whatever ?
On the other hand , the person that left this comic here is kind of a sucky person too !
* gasp *
He or she isn't ! ! S / he is jsut a little passive - aggressive . He / she is just tired of picking socks out of the ceral or whatever .
He slash she should just address the issues directly !
Um , it's way more fun to print out comics than to deal with interpersonal issues ?
THE END
I've always been reluctant to get a tattoo , because what if my tastes change ? I don't want to be the guy at 50 with " BETTY AND VERONICA 4 LYFE " tattooed on my back . I mean , right now I kinda do , but I can see that changing in like two seconds .
But I've come up with a solution !
The whole problem comes from the fact that tattoos can't be altered , but that's not true ! For example , imagine I get a tattoo of a butterfly , and THEN , I realize I wish I'd gotten a tattoo of a flexing guy with guns for eyes instead . All is not lost ! I just get a tattoo of a flexing guy using his gun eyes to SHOOT the butterfly , and I'm the coolest ! I instantly become the coolest dude .
So each new tattoo shoots the old one , but what happens when you run out of space ?
Well !
I acknowledge I have finite room on my body for " the tats " , but I don't think I'm THAT indecisive . Anyway , once I have the Enterprise shooting Batman shooting gun eyes shooting a butterfly , I think I'll be happy . I just - I can't ever see regretting that .
Really ?
MEANWHILE , IN THE FUTURE :
Wow
Your skin is really green
Guys , I'm sorry to be the bearer of bad news , but , well , here we are . I should just say it .
Bingo is totally suboptimal and inefficient !
Check it out : replace the caller with a computer , and you make the bingo numbers get called like a billion times faster . Replace the bingo players with other computers , and you speed up the rate at which the game is played . Tie both these innovations together and you can play HUNDREDS of bingo games per second ! ONCE AGAIN , something has been made orders of magnitude more efficient by simply replacing all life involved with cold and soulless bingo - playing machines .
But the fun thing of bingo is in dabbing the numbers , in building up suspense as the game progresses . You've made it boring !
Nope !
My new , hyper - efficient bingo is basically like putting in your money , pressing a button , and being informed whether or not you've won .
Exactly !
But that's what slot machines do , and people LINE UP to play them ! OH SNAP ! IS THIS ANOTHER ARGUMENT WON BY T - REX ? ?
THREE DAYS LATER :
HEY UTAHRAPTOR ! DO YOU REMEMBER THREE DAYS AGO , WHEN I TOTALLY BEAT YOU IN AN ARGUMENT ?
TO BE HONEST
I'M KINDA LINGERING ON IT
It turns out there are some regions where my HyperBingo ( tm ) is played . Neat !
And it's all thanks to legal loopholes !
AS IT HAPPENS , in some areas gambling is heavily regulated , but bingo is a special case that isn't . And so companies have built electronic bingo machines , exactly as I envisioned ! Whats more , some have used bingo as an engine to power other types of gambling , like poker and slot machines . The game plays a hidden bingo game , and if you get a bingo , your slots will ALWAYS come up as three cherries . It's nuts ! Bingo's being used in ways GOD NEVER INTENDED .
But how do they translate bingo into poker ? You have choice over what cards stay in your hand !
They CHEAT !
Say you got a quick bingo , and that translates into a royal flush . You're doomed to win ! If you throw away all your cards , you're just gonna get dealt the same flush in a new suit . Even if you try to lose , the computer will step in and CHANGE YOUR CARDS , or just make you win the next game .
Insane !
MEANWHILE , IN THE FUTURE !
CITIZENS ! YOU HAVE ABUSED THE POWER OF BINGO , AND WE BINGO - POWERED CYBORGS ARE THE PRODUCT OF YOUR BINGO - POWERED HUBRIS . GUESS IF WE ARE GOING TO DESTROY ALL ORGANIC LIFE !
Y - yes ?
ONE WORD :
BINGO .
If you want to know what life on Earth was like yesterday , there's like a billion people you turn to ! MORE , probably ! Probably more .
But if you want to know about life 6 million years ago , there's only a handful of fossils !
And it would be TOTALLY RAD if this record was all really exceptional people . Like if I lived millions of years ago , only I was a mutant with a fully - formed extra hand growing out of the base of my spine ! If I was the only specimen from the time , we might conclude that EVERYONE had butt hands then , and that would be provably hilarious . Then I thought : maybe we're already doing this !
How do you figure ?
Well , maybe we're doing the opposite !
Maybe millions of years ago life was awesome and surreal , but only the boring specimens got preserved . Maybe the non - chumps knew to avoid river beds and tar pits ! Maybe dragons don't fossilize .
That's incredibly unlikely !
You know what else it is ? Incredibly AWESOME .
YEARS LATER :
It is impossible to know if my dream came true
Today is a good day I think for riddles ! And hey , look at me !
I have the perfect riddle memorized right here , in my awesome brain !
Dromiceiomimus ! Which creature goes on four feet in the morning , two feet at noon , and three feet in the evening ?
Its a human , T - Rex . Babies crawl on all fours , then they walk around and then when they're old they use a cane . Come on , that riddle's from Ancient Greece . That riddle is so old - school , the techniques necessary for modern school construction won't be invented for two thousand years .
Huh ! People know the riddle of the Sphinx ?
You're surprised ?
T - Rex , it's most likely the oldest riddle on the planet . Without hyperbole , entire civilizations have risen and fallen since someone first came up with that riddle . IT predates PAPER .
Well . . . Patrick Stewart liked it .
EARLIER :
T - Rex , your riddle spoke to me personally because I started today on four feet , managed to walk on two feet at noon , and now I'm using three feet !
Wow , Patrick Stewart !
It has been a memorable day
I have filled out change of name forms for Utahraptor ! I have done this because I am a good friend who likes to make surprises .
From now on , Utahraptor will be known only as " Utahraptore " !
The added " e " gives him an exotic Spanish flair . Utahraptore , the fiery outlaw fighting for the repressed , the mysterious man of dark passions ! The man whose smile disarms the men as easily as his rapier disarms the women . Who is this masked man ? Who is this . . . this Utahraptore ?
I'm not signing those forms !
Come on ! It Will Be Awesome .
You'll get a new name and a new reputation AND a new driver's license , and I'll get to say " Oh , him ? He's my mysterious friend , Utahraptore . " All you need to do is sign !
I'm not signing them .
Well , frig , this has been a complete waste of a Monday morning !
LATER :
Frig , it's actually Tuesday ! !
LATER THAT SAME DAY :
No way ! There's no way . " T - Rex " is a great name and IF I were to change it , it would be to " T - Tex " , and ONLY if I had a guarantee of oversized cowboy hats .
Come on !
I think you'd make a great " Shortpants " .
Utahraptor , the very mention of the name has filled me with UNSTOPPABLE RAGE ! I get that you're trying to revenge yourself on me for filling out your Utahraptore name change forms , but the difference was THAT name is awesome . Shortpants is what you call a dog that - that acts like a squirrel or something . And I'VE - Utahraptor ?
Where'd he go ?
I'm right here !
Whatever ! !
Please just sign the name change forms , PLEASE ? I'd love to call you Shortpants . " How was your day , Shortpants ? " " Stop eating all the ice cream , Shortpants ! "
No . T - Tex or nothing .
Well frig , Shortpants , I guess I'VE wasted a Monday afternoon !
ARGH !
It's TUESDAY
A button has popped off of one of my favourite shirts !
Will NO - ONE sew it back on for me ?
Dromiceiomimus , YOU'RE a good friend !
Would you sew a button back onto one of my shirts ?
I could , but this is something you should really learn to do for yourself , T - Rex !
But that's the thing : everyone else has ALREADY learned how to do it , so I'd be needlessly duplicating their efforts if I learned it myself !
You're justifying laziness through minimizing inefficiencies ?
Exactly !
At the societal level !
If only 25 % of the population learnt button sewing AND everyone had four friends , then we'd expect one friend to do the button sewing when needed , and the remaining three could use that free time to learn something else !
SOCIETY ADVANCES .
I'm not sewing your button on either , T - Rex .
YEARS LATER :
Excuse me , sir : this is a black tie dinner , and you've shown up completely naked .
I blame society ! !
Sir
That is not yet on my list of acceptable excuses
A Story about a Man , by T - Rex !
Once upon a time there was a radical guy !
He filed his taxes on time , but ONE DAY , the government mailed him and was like , " Dude you need to file taxes for the past five years " and the dude was like " DUDES I ALREADY TOTALLY DID " and the government guy was like " Hah hah , our mistake ! " but then their computers kept mailing him threatening " pay your taxes " letters and he felt like the problem would never be fixed and it caused him a lot of stress THE END .
Autobiographical ?
Absolutely not !
FICTION . As a man who is attuned with the world around him , I make up stories that SEEM real , but are actually just lies that I imagined ! It's called " writing " ; look it up ?
You're sure it's not autobiographical ? No problems with the tax man ?
No sir !
ARE YOU ABSOLUTELY CERTAIN YOU HAVE NO TROUBLES WITH THE TAX MAN
Yep ! You know what ? I'm not even fully sure what taxes ARE .
OKAY YOU ARE A GROWN ADULT SO
THAT'S A CONCERN
People like different songs because they have different tastes in music . This I concede .
However !
I still think there could be One Perfect Song !
I think someone , some day - let's say , ME - might sit down and write a song that is legitimately great . A song that transcends personal taste and never gets old and is everyone's favorite , without exception . The best of all possible songs . What would the music world be like if there were no longer any chance of anyone else having a number one song - THE number one song ? What if everyone was left fighting for second place ?
I actually think it would be fascinating !
Really ?
Yeah ! It would be amazing seeing how some artists react , knowing the best epitaph they could hope for was " runner up " . I think you'd see a lot of esoteric music , exploring areas that aren't in the number one song !
Well ! I guess I'd better get to work , huh ?
MEANWHILE , IN THE UNIVERSE WHERE SOMEONE HAS ACTUALLY ACCOMPLISHED THIS :
Yo , I'm not number one but I'm still good / My parents know that I've done / basically the best I could !
Man ! I miss OLD gangsta rap !
If you drop something heavy on your foot , your first instinct is likely to scream in pain .
Dudes and ladies ! This is not such a useful reaction !
Screaming doesn't fix the problem , it just draws attention to your bruisey foot . And when your scream is followed by cursing , THAT just says " My foot hurts now , and I believe this is equivalent to poo . "
We can do better !
What else would you suggest ?
Anything , man !
Throw a punch ! Yell " Totally intentional , folks ! ! " Tuck into a spin to deflect any other falling items ! ANYTHING's better than the standard " ARGH FRIG OW FRIG . "
I think I'd rather NOT be around a guy who punches upon injury .
Whatever , man ! Bears do it , and everybody likes bears !
LATER , T - REX FEELS REGRET FOR HOW THE CONVERSATION WENT . HE WORRIES THAT UTAHRAPTOR WANTED TO HAVE A SERIOUS DISCUSSION . BUT HE WAS MAKING JOKES ABOUT BEARS .
Sometimes i worry that if I were someone else , I wouldn't want to be friends with me .
T - REX IF YOU COULD HAVE A LIFETIME SUPPLY OF ANY ONE THING WHAT WOULD IT BE
Friendship !
IT HAS TO BE SOMETHING PHYSICAL
Physical Friendship !
NO I MEAN IT HAS TO BE SOMETHING YOU CAN BUY AND PUT IN YOUR ROOM
W - water ?
WATER
LISTEN YOU'RE SUPPOSED TO SAY " GOLD "
Why ?
Why what ?
BECAUSE THEN YOU GET A BUNCH OF GOLD BUT IT HAS NEGATIVE EFFECTS AND DISTANCES YOU FROM YOUR FRIENDS AND YOU REALIZE THAT FRIENDSHIP IS THE REAL TREASURE
Sorry , Utahraptor , God's hasslin' me . GOD , I said " friendship " at the start of this stupid conversation ! !
I - okay ?
LATER :
Dear audio diary : today I looked crazy and didn't get a lifetime supply of gold or water . I blame monotheism
I HEARD THAT
HEY ! TOO BAD YOU'VE GOT NO OTHER GODS TO COMPLAIN TO , HUH ? ?
ARGUABLY
YES
Hey God , you know on Star Trek , when sometimes they go back in time ?
YEP
It interferes with my ability to enjoy the show !
OKAY
Seriously though . It ruins my suspension of disbelief !
The issue is they're traveling back in time in an understood , repeatable way : slingshot around the sun ! It's just - why wouldn't they do that all the time ? When anything bad happens , whenever there's tension and the fate of the galaxy hangs in the balance , I always think , " Well , worst case , they could just go back in time and fix this . I wonder - I wonder why they don't do that . "
You can't put the genie back in the bottle !
Utahraptor ! Exactly ! !
Well , I mean , not EXACTLY . Metaphorically . It was a good metaphor . By " exactly " , I meant to communicate " Utahraptor , that is an exact metaphor . "
Gotcha .
Okay . Good . Alright , I'm going to go back to talking about Star Trek now .
SOON :
Attention , everyone ! ! That was pretty much all I had to say , actually
You know those guys who have been hiccuping for 70 years or whatever ? I'm glad I'm not one of those guys .
Hiccuping forever is this weird sort of . . . forced immortality !
But I thought you were all about going down in history , T - Rex ?
It's true ! But on my own terms . I can't control hiccups , so it's really being remembered for something that my body's doing that's really incidental to who I am , you know ? Anyone who heard of me would know me as The Hiccup Guy , and it would overshadow anything else I did with my life .
I think if you cured cancer or something , we'd still know your name !
True !
But the headlines would still be " Hiccuping Doctor Cures Cancer " . It's too memorable to overlook ! I like choosing my OWN destiny .
Okay , so go to that . Choose your own adventure .
Utahraptor , that reference has instantly inspired me to be the best I can possibly be ! !
LATER , T - REX DISCOVERS THAT 80S REFERENCES WORKED INTO CONVERSATION INSPIRE HIM MORE THAN ANYTHING !
We're focusing too much on the mistakes of the past . Let's get back to the future , shall we ?
YES ! ! YES , LET'S DO THAT ! HOLY CRAP !
T - REX HAS BEEN INVITED TO ANOTHER WEDDING .
Yes ! I know what that means . . .
Ill - advised hookups ! !
It's the wedding experience ! You get some single people together who think life is a race , and then you convince them THROUGH THE MEDIUM OF WEDDING that the only way to avoid coming in dead last is to get married ! The result : hookups !
Hookups of the ill - advised nature ! !
Come on , T - Rex , that's just a stupid stereotype and lame soap opera trope !
Lame and SEXY
I just think that if you go into this wedding evaluating all the guests by their hookup potential , it'll colour your wedding experience in a really weird way .
Utahraptor , guess what ?
What ?
I'm still totally gonna be on the lookout for bad hookups ! !
AT THE WEDDING .
So what are you thinking , baby ? Yes or no ?
Um , I'm thinking . . . That a lot of my internal conflict and malaise comes from the tensions between the life I ACTUALLY want to live , and the stories I'd love to be able to tell ?
I am a man who , when he is at an all - you - can - eat restaurant , will restrict what he eats based on his peers . I don't know when to stop , so I rely on the verbal and non - verbal cues of my dining mates to tell me when I'm full !
I call this condition " Appetite Asperger's " !
It is a hilarious AND excellent name because people with Appetite Asperger's analyze the behaviour of others while eating and come up with a ruleset for saying when they're full . Just like someone with real Asperger's ! Only , instead of applying this to social interaction , I apply it exclusively to knowing when to say " Wow , dudes , I'm full ! How about you guys , huh ? Pretty full ? Oh my gosh , me too ! "
I would've thought you'd call it " T - Rex's condition " or something !
NORMALLY , I would have !
But I made a list and I've already got like four or five T - Rex's conditions . Plus , Appetite Asperger's has assonance going for it !
I suppose . I'm still not comfortable with the name !
And I'm STILL not comfortable with the full range of my sexuality , but we all have to make do ! !
That's right , everyone !
TODAY IS THE DAY I SHARE MORE ABOUT MYSELF THAN MAYBE I WANTED TO
T - REX PICK A WORK ANY WORK BUT MAKE SURE IT'S A NOUN OKAY
Done !
OKAY WHAT WORK IS IT
I'll never say ! !
I've read Greek myths , man ! I know you guys are all about SNEAKY TRICKS and IRONY and MORALITY TALES in which dudes get wicked punishment for BASICALLY no reason . I don't want to be in any noun - based morality tales ! Not unless the moral is " T - Rex Is The Best , Holy Cow You Guys . "
HEY GUESS WHO'S NOT A GREEK GOD
I'LL GIVE YOU A HINT
YOU'RE TALKING TO HIM AND HE'S AWESOME
ALSO HE'S ME
What's going on ?
God wants a noun !
And you're not giving it to him ?
I was accusing him of the whole " ironic punishment " Greek God thing . But he's not so bad ! I give him a hard time sometimes .
Hey God ! You want my word ? Here it is !
" Meritocracy " .
FINALLY HERE'S YOUR MADLIB
SALLY COULDN'T BELIEVE THE SIZE OF HER MERITOCRACY
I HOPE YOU'RE SATISFIED
Wow , that was a terrible movie . Definitely one of the top 50 worst films ever !
T - REX THERE IS BARELY 100 YEARS OF FILM SO THAT'S NOT SAYING MUCH
A FILM 1000 YEARS FROM NOW BEING ON THAT LIST NOW THAT'S SAYING SOMETHING
Ridiculous !
There's still bad movies . Anyway , most " Worst Book Ever " lists have mainly modern entries despite THOUSANDS of years of book history .
Yeah , because most ancient texts are lost forever ! I'd bet less than 10 % of movies are lost and I'm sure more than that amount of text is gone .
How are you measuring volume ? Sure ANCIENT books are lost , but we generate so much text today that it's probably a tiny percentage overall !
you have to include web sites , emails , spam . . .
You're seriously comparing email to film ?
Well !
Come on ! If you're including spam as text , are you including webcams as film ? What about security camera footage , stored and erased without ever being watched ? And how are we defining worst ? Personal taste ? Objective value ? Box office performance , ADJUSTED FOR INFLATION OF BOTH MONEY , POPULATION , AND BOX OFFICES ?
ONE WEEK LATER :
What a terrible movie THAT was . I'd definitely rate it one of the Top 50 Worst Films Of All Time ! *
Did you just make an asterisk sound ? Why the asterisk sound ?
OH GOD
So , SOMETIMES , archeologists find things that don't belong in their geological contexts : shells where there were no oceans , that sort of thing . And there's lots of explanations like " maybe an animal ate it and pooped it out , GROSS . "
But sometimes these objects are found with human remains !
And when that happens they call it a manuport : something that was carried by hand by ancient dead dudes . Manuports are neat because they show you what ancient dead dudes found interesting ! And the most awesome manuport is the oldest one , called the Makapansgat pebble . It dates to 3 million years ago !
There weren't humans around to carry it 3 million years ago , T - Rex !
Nope !
But there were PROTOHUMANS . Australopithecines ! And the Makapansgat pebble has this natural " eye eye mouth " face shape on it . A protohuman had enough curiosity and aesthetic sense , 3 MILLION YEARS AGO , to see the face in the rock , and thought it was special enough to carry around with him until he died .
I think it's beautiful and amazing that millions of years later , another human being dug up the same pebble , recognized the same face , and maybe even for a moment , dreamed the same dreams .
You stepped on a human being back there .
That's - um , that's beautiful too ?
DINOSAUR COMICS ASKS : IF YOU COULD LOSE ANY SENSE , WHAT WOULD IT BE ?
Me sense of proprioception !
That's the sense that lets you know where your body parts are at any given time !
And it's ALSO a sense that gets dulled when you drink , which is why you have trouble touching your nose with your eyes closed in such situations . You're forced to rely on proprioception , and with it dulled , you miss ! You poke out your eye with your hand or whatever .
Proprioception !
And you really want to be CONSISTENTLY SURPRISED about where your limbs are when you can't see them ?
Maybe !
You know what ? I don't think you would ! I think you ACTUALLY chose proprioception because it's not one of the classical five senses , and you wanted to be Mr . " Look At Me Guys I Chose An Unexpected Answer " .
Oh , it's true ! But I messed up . I'd really prefer losing nociception : the sense of pain !
BUT THAT IS A LIE TOO !
T - Rex , I'm afraid this accident has robbed you of one of your senses : the sense of what's appropriate in a given social situation !
yessssss
DINOSAUR COMICS ASKS : IF YOU COULD GAIN ANY SENSE , WHAT WOULD IT BE ?
A sense of FUTURE sight ! Dudes !
I could look around and say " In ten minutes it's going to rain ! "
But then the downside is that if I saw a car accident , I'd be duty bound to try to prevent it . And PLUS , once word got out about my awesome power , whenever I was with my friends and they tripped or whatever , they'd blame me ! They'd sit on the ground rubbing their knee saying " THANKS T - REX " with ultimate sarcasm when THEY were the clumsy chumps !
Well , why wouldn't you warn us ?
Maybe my mouth was full !
Maybe I was warning someone else to my left ! MAYBE RISK IS PART OF FREEDOM AND BY PROTECTING MY FRIENDS FROM ALL POSSIBLE DANGER I STUNT THEIR GROWTH AND BECOME THE SINGLE GREATEST THREAT TO THEIR OWN SELF - REALIZATION ? ?
Also , maybe the guy tripping was HITLER .
That's right , Utahraptor ! I'll say I'm friends with Hitler to win an argument ! !
It is the " Reverse Godwin " and the most powerful debate technique ever ?
Hey , is it FUBSY in here ? It feels like it's fubsy in here . Are you wondering what " fubsy " means , God ?
NOPE
" Short and stout ; squat ! "
I was using it incorrectly !
It's just - - it's such a good word , I wish I had more chances to use it . Would you say you're FUBSY , Dromiceomimus ?
I sometimes feel fubsier than most , T - Rex !
Are we TRULY the fubsiest ? ?
Do you know what someone who is fubsy is called ?
What ?
Fubs !
FUBS ! Oh my goodness . I have to get a dog so I can name him Fubs .
You already have a dog , the angriest dog in the world , if I remember correctly .
From now on he's Fubs ! His SUBTITLE is The Angriest Dog in the World .
LATER :
Aw man , who peed on my couch ? I bet it was Fubs ! !
Hah hah hah ! " Fubs " .
It's still good !
Time for a funny joke , everyone ! Alright ? Alright .
Okay , so this man gets into a car accident and wraps his car around a telephone pole !
And there's this passer - by who is , um , passing by , and he happens to see it . He rushes over to the crumpled car and says " Oh my God , are you okay ? ? " and the guy says " Well , I get by ! "
. . . I don't get it .
The driver misunderstands the question ; he thinks it's about whether or not he makes enough money to " get by " in today's difficult world !
But nobody says " Oh my God , are you okay ? ? " to mean " Oh my God , do you have a sufficient salary ? ? "
Sure they do !
No they don't ! They lock eyes with you and say " Are you doing alright ? " with a hand on your shoulder or something . Honestly , this joke seems like it could have been funny at some point , but you telephone gamed it in your head and it doesn't make sense anymore .
EARLIER :
So he rushes over and puts a hand on the guy's shoulder and says " Oh my God , are you okay ? Are you doing alright ? " and the guy says " I make a comfortable living ! "
Hah ! I think I get it ! Listen , I'm gonna BASICALLY commit parts of this joke to memory .
It is common to imagine your life as a story , with yourself as a main character ! It's a story with no real climax that always ends with you totally dead .
However !
My issue is that STUFF happens to main characters : dramatic stuff ! Stuff that's not always good . It would be fun to be a bit character , a guy who gets one or two lines and whose personality is encapsulated in a few words : 'likes boats' , 'old and wise' , or 'eats a lot and , therefore , can't control himself around food . When someone says , " Where's the beef ? " he runs up and says , " Did someone say BEEF ? " because that is definitely how people who like food act . '
Then I was thinking , maybe I am that !
But you've said WAY more than two lines , my friend !
Yeah , but it's Rosencratz and Guildenstern , right ? I've got my own life , but it only counts when I'm around the main character . Everything else is forgotten !
so who's the main character ?
. . . Dromiceiomimus ?
MUCH LATER , OUTSIDE DROMICEIOMIMUS'S HOUSE .
Dromiceiomimus ! Are you in ?
T - Rex ? ! What are you doing here ? It's late ! It's 3 AM !
I - like boats ?
Everyone !
Guess what ?
I'm pretty great !
I'm serious ! I was thinking about it : I'm a great friend , I'm smart and I'm fun AND funny and I've been a success at every job , hobby , and challenge I've tried !
And so modest , too !
Dromiceiomimus , let's put modesty aside for a second and just " rap " , person to person . I think when we do that , we can agree : there's nothing I've done that I haven't excelled at .
You're so egotistical ! " I'm great at everything I've tried ! "
We're putting ego ASIDE today , Utahraptor .
You know what ? It's still egotistical , and if you've succeeded at everything you've tried , you're not trying hard enough things . Here , here's something to try : why don't you cure cancer ? And hey , why not come up with a clean , safe , cheap , efficient , powerful , renewable AND reliable energy source while you're at it ?
I'll do better , Utahraptor ! I'm going to come up with a clean , safe , cheap , efficient , and powerful , renewable energy source THAT CURES CANCER .
LATER
AFTER I GO HOME AND SUCCEED AT THINKING OF A BETTER COMEBACK
I think we can all agree that as a popular culture shifts with time , there were some years that were great and there were some years that were way terrible .
For example !
Everyone knows that the 1920s were awesome ultimate fun times ( on account of flappers and swing music ! ) , and everyone knows that the 1970s were a decade of bad decision after bad decision : a cacophony of just - really bad decisions .
I think that some folks like the 70s .
Hilarious !
However , I have studied the past 2000 years and come up with the DEFINITIVE CULTURAL low .
Really ? 2000 years ?
Yes , Utahraptor : I have gone all over 2000 years and found the global minimum : the exact day when North American , and indeed , world culture reached its , um , opposite of zenith .
Nadir .
Yes . And it's the day AFTER the film " Forrest Gump " was released : July 7th , 1994 .
But . . . why ?
THURSDAY , JULY 7TH , 1994 : 8 : 04 AM . T - REX IS RUNNING TO CATCH A BUS .
Run Forrest , run ! !
FRIG ! !
That's really obnoxious !
Frig , man ! Frig !
FRIG .
I've got one thing to say , Dromiceiomimus ! Do you know what it is ?
A minced oath ?
Frig !
Probably ! !
So what's up ? What went wrong ?
Oh , nothing . Frig .
Nothing I want to talk about anyway , frig .
Okay . Frig though , right ?
Yes , frig ! Frigs and dangs , drats and cruds . Heck !
. . . FRIG .
EARLIER :
It occurs to me that , as a single man , every romantic relationship I've ever had has ended in breakups !
I think every time I remember this I'll swear a li'l and feel bad about myself
GREETINGS T - REX I HAVE A QUERY
ARE YOU AWARE WHICH VIDEO GAME CONSOLE IS NOW THE BEST OF ALL TIME
Super Nintendo ?
Y -
YES
I WAS HOPING YOU WOULD SAY SOMETHING ELSE
Nope ! Super Nintendo !
MMM I MUST CONFESS TO HAVING THIS WHOLE CONVERSATION PLANNED OUT IN MY HEAD BUT I FAILED TO ANTICIPATE THIS RESPONSE
PERHAPS YOU COULD CHANGE YOUR ANSWER TO THE VECTREX AND THEN WE COULD PROCEED
ALTERNATIVELY SHOULD YOU CHOOSE THE GENESIS I HAVE PREPARED AN EXCELLENT ESSAY - RESPONSE
Sorry ? I said the SNES was the best console ever because I never had one and they looked fun !
No way , man ! The Genesis was the best console ever !
Hey ! Perfect !
Did you hear that ? Utahraptor says the Sega Genesis was the best ever ! Did you hear that ?
Did you hear that ?
Did you & # 8212 ;
YES I DID HEAR MYSELF
I WAS TALKING TO THE DEVIL ABOUT VIDEO GAMES UTAHRAPTOR
OKAY FINE WHATEVER I'M GOING TO GO PLAY SEGA GENESIS
CAN I COME
I AM THINKING NO
AW MAN
OKAY NOW I AM THINKING YES
Guys , guys ! Check out my awesome trick !
I'm a statue !
But you're moving !
I'm not !
I'm not , hold on , hold on
Ok NOW I'm a statue .
I've never seen a worse statue ! You just turned around and switched feet !
ONE GOT TIRED
Hold on , okay ? Just - just hold on . Okay , NOW . Statue !
Statues don't talk ! You are a terrible statue and a worse friend ! !
* gasp *
LATER :
See , T - Rex ? THIS is what a statue of you looks like .
Utahraptor
Can we talk about what was said earlier
THE THUNDER - LIZARD'S DAY OUT
STARRING THOS . REX , ESQ .
The morning dawned bright and clear as the thunder - lizard began his perambulation .
The neighbour - woman was outside tending her radishes . " Good morning , " said the thunder - lizard . " Good morning ! " said the neighbour - woman , a different ( and inferiour ) species of thunder - lizard .
" I'm so glad you've come by , " she said . " I ordered this hat from the specialty thunder - lizard haberdashery , but it's the wrong size ! It looks like it might fit you , though - would you care for it ? "
" Would I ! " beamed the thunder - lizard . What a morning !
" Ho , there , " came a cry from across the boulevard . " Quite a smashing hat you've got there ! " It was the thunder - lizard's friend , another thunder - lizard .
" It's the latest in fashions for thunder - lizards , " said the thunder - lizard . " It fits my crown perfectly ! "
" Ah , but can it withstand a scissor - kick to the noggin ? " asked the friend . " I've just come from judo class and I'm eager to share what I've learnt . " The idiotic nature of this idea went unnoticed by either party .
Twenty seconds later , the longstanding friendship was over .
NON - CANNON
t - rex you look terrible today !
you look : poorly drawn
oh no
what should i do , should i put on some shading ?
you just need to be drawn by someone with talent
well !
SOON :
. . . can you believe she said that ?
YEP
you do look terrible today ! she was only being honest like a good friend
aww , you guys are my best friends
LATER : THEY DO NOT KEEP UP WITH EACH OTHER
friendships come to an end
WHAT IS DINOSAUR COMICS ?
THAT'S EASY ! DINOSAUR COMICS IS A COMIC ABOUT DINOSAURS ! BUT FELLAS WOULD YOU BELIEVE ?
DINOSAURS THAT TALK !
YES I KNOW IT IS AMAZING TO THINK OF
CAN IT BE EXPLAINED BY SCIENTISTS ?
YOU THERE , HELP A BROTHER OUT
I'M SORRY NO , I AM ALSO A TALKING DINOSAUR AND NOT A SCIENTIST .
PLUS T REX THIS IS LIKE THE THIRD TIME .
THIS BLOWS ! I WILL NEVER KNOW THE ANSWER FROM A REAL SCIENTIST IF EVERY - BODY HERE IS A DINOSAUR !
T REX , RELAX !
UTAHRAPTOR , I HAVE QUESTIONS THAT NEED ANSWERS
WELL WHAT IF THE ANSWER WAS NEGATIVE , T REX ? YOU WOULD HAVE TO NOT EXIST ! AND MAN , LIKE , WHAT HAS SCIENCE DONE FOR YOU LATELY
HE'S RIGHT ! A CURE FOR AIDS ? ? THANKS FOR NOTHING , SCIENCE
DO YOU HAVE AIDS , T REX
NO
ARE YOU SURE THAT IS AN APPROPRIATE JOKE TO MAKE THEN
I DON'T KNOW WHAT TO THINK ANYMORE !
BRAINSTORM !
I'm going to write a comic about my daily life !
T - REX in " Dinosaur Comics "
hello Droce Dromecimu Dromicemomice
hello friend
hello T - REX you are handsome
that is nice to say
you are also a kind - hearted person
oh thank you
also you are the best at video games .
also you are great at skateboarding
I have for you today the SEXIEST DINOSAUR COMICS STORY OF ALL TIME ! It is sexy !
It starts like this :
Wait . But I'm not sure what happened ! You never actually told the story !
You got closer and closer to it , Zeno - style , but I don't remember you actually TELLING it .
But it was sexy , right ?
I don't know !
See ? Lonely , infinite buildup , a confusing instant of climax that's over before you know it , and then a long , slow slide into disappointed despair ?
Man !
You cannot deny that was a sexy story !
SCIENCE IN THE YEAR 65 , 000 , 000
What will science be like in the year 65 , 000 , 000 ? Friends ! I am here to tell you : many amazing advances will be made !
Think of how far we've come in just the past one hundred years !
And the pace of innovation is only accelerating . Consider that iPods from only five years ago are now LUDICROUSLY UNACCEPTABLE , when in history a person might own a single record player their entire lives ! It is certain that in the year 65 , 000 , 000 marvels dwarfing even branded consumer electronics await us . What new and fundamental discoveries about the universe are ahead ? Will our personal holographic media players ALSO accept phone calls ? ?
I believe they may not !
Explain !
I mean only to suggest that the uninterrupted progress of the past century could in fact BE interrupted , perhaps by a planet - wide and biblically awesome catastrophe SO HUGE that intelligent life is forced to re - evolve from scratch . In the year 65 , 000 , 000 we may just be catching up to where we are now !
Utahraptor !
Yes ?
The new MacBooks have cases that are made out of ALUMINUM .
Guys ! I have some bad news !
I don't think I'm cut out to be a law - abiding member of society ! !
When I see illegal billboards my instinct is not to call the city and register a complaint - my instinct is to tear it down ! And when I see a jerk sitting in a parked car at night , projecting an ad on the side of a building , I don't want to call the police and report a citizen acting against the best interests of EVERY OTHER CITIZEN with the exception of himself . I want to disable his projector ! And by " disable " I mean " fully destroy " ?
So appraently you want to be a vigilante , but just about illegal advertising !
Yes !
It's a small enough issue that I can understand it fully , AND it's a problem I can solve at night with my fists . I can't solve global warming at night with my fists , Utahraptor .
Don't even say it . I can't !
THAT EVENING :
ATTENTION , ANYONE WHO HAS A LARGE CARBON FOOTPRINT ! DO YOU WANT TO BE PUNCHED ?
not really ! !
SEE THIS IS EXACTLY WHAT I TRIED TO TELL MY FRIEND UTAHRAPTOR
Emotions are embarrassing and should be hidden . In polite society , " euphemisms " are used to avoid the shock of naming feelings directly !
NEW " EUPHEMISMS " FOR EMOTIONS COMICS
For example , instead of saying " I'm happy " you can say " I fell off the wagon ! The wagon is sadness and my mode of transportation , but I didn't hold on hard enough . "
That's very clear ! And instead of saying " I'm sad " you can say " I'm a friend of Aquaman's . "
He always seemed to have an . . . abiding sorrow .
And instead of " exciting " ?
" My heart has developed boners for this . "
Huh ! What about that strange emotion you get when you see a house being moved on one of those giant trucks at night : a sort of silent ethereal wistfulness ?
There's no need for that crass language ! You can just say " Dudes check out that house please " and the dudes , they will understand .
LATER :
A Nobel Prize for Excellence in the Avoidance of Frank Discussions of Feelings ? My heart has developed so many boners right now , ladies and gentlemen !
WOOO !
That's why he's the champ ! !
Every book is written by an author .
Is this TRULY the worst form of racism ?
Well , I can't say that I follow you T - Rex
Every book is written by SOMEONE , right ? My point is that the SYSTEM - the MAN - is set up so that anyone who doesn't want to be an author can't write a book . Ergo , racism ahoy .
I think you mean " prejudice " . And what about diaries , amateur writings , transcriptions of dialogue , writing under duress . . . ?
Well - by " book " I really meant " T . V . show " .
What about reality shows , interviews , documentaries arguably . . . ?
Okay , you know what , at least I'm LOOKING for racism .
Prejudice .
Prejudice . At least I'm not COMPLACENT and ignoring ISSUES and just sitting around with my eyes closed eating cupcakes !
. . . Which actually sounds like a fun time and is something we should definitely do soon !
I have come up with an excellent way to celebrate Hallowe'en : a date auction !
Featuring : me !
And since it's Hallowe'en , the prize is NOT ONLY a date with me ( T - Rex ! ) but it's a HELLA CREEPY date with me ( T - Rex ! ) . I'll arrive two hours early , stand perfectly still across the street , and peer into your window with binoculars . I'll ring the doorbell while pressing my eye up against the peephole . I'll ask you how your day was and whenever you use the pronoun " I " I'll suck my fingers . I will be only MODERATELY discreet about it . Happy Hallowe'en !
And people will bid on you why ?
Because of charity ! It's all for charity , my good man !
I feel like I'd prefer to give my money to charity directly , rather than go through this whole " creepy date " thing .
Well , alright , then I guess I'll just end up dating someone who WANTS a hella creepy date with a stranger !
HALLOWE'EN NIGHT :
We like it when you suck on your fingers , T - Rex . " I " , " I " , " I " , " I " , " I " .
Aw , come on ! You only bid like $ 20 !
So ?
It's just -
Never has one man sucked on his fingers so much for so little
I am a man who says " Frig " a lot , on account of how it's part of my irresistible charm . But guys , it turns out there's a Norse goddess named " Frigg " ! She's Odin's wife !
Best . Life . Ever .
See , Dromiceiomimus , I was going to say " best goddess ever , " but the fact that there's a goddess Frigg has immeasurably improved MY ENTIRE LIFE . Frigg ! She can SEE THE FUTURE but doesn't tell anyone what she sees , so hen someone stubs their toe they can say , " Aw , FRIGG ! " and that is DEFINITELY probably where the expression comes from .
I don't believe that's the case ?
There's even a plant known as Frigg's grass . So awesome !
I can beat that , my friend !
In history , there was a place in England called " Frigedun , " which means " Valley of Frigg " !
Utahraptor
I think I'll never be this excited again for the rest of my life .
Let us cherish this moment .
THE NEXT DAY
Utahraptor ! There's a city called " Batman " in Turkey ! ! I could have spent my life in BATMAN CITY becoming a master in the study of Frigg !
If this isn't the final nail in the coffin for Leibniz's " we're in the best of all possible worlds " argument I don't know what is !
You know what ? Maybe Leibniz is right and we're all doing pretty okay . maybe this IS the best of all possible worlds !
Except for the fact that ice cream costs more than vegetables !
And except for the fact that WAY more people on the face of the planet care about the economy than they do about buying me presents .
And except for the fact that we can't just decide to stop making mistakes .
THAT , and except for the fact that entropy is always increasing and in the end all life in the universe will be still , dead and frozen forever .
But maybe in the best of ALL possible worlds , you don't exist !
Oh , wow . Maybe !
How depressing would it be to know you're part of the reason things aren't perfect ? To look in on the best of all possible worlds and notice you're not there .
Exactly ! But maybe this is the best possible world for YOU , personally . Maybe this is as close to heaven as you'll ever get !
THE BEST POSSIBLE WORLD :
I'm SO GLAD we named it Frigday instead of " Friday " !
We followed the Germanic roots of the goddess Frigg's name instead of the English ones !
Attention , naked and sexy ( yet non - exploited ! ) members of the attractive sex ! I KNOW
Whenever I think of the phrase " good to the last drop " I think of the friggin' Maxwell House Coffee .
I don't even drink coffee !
They have lexicalized the phrase AND associated it in my mind with their stupid branding !
And if someone says " can't get enough of that Sugar Crisp " NOT ONLY do I think of Sugar Crisp , I think of the jingle too !
Oh , actually , about that : they're rebranding it , T - Rex . It's now referred to as " Golden Crisp " in most major markets .
WHAT ? They store a phrase in my sparkling mind and now they're abandoning it ? I call FRIGGIN' SHENANIGANS on that !
So what are you going to do ?
Um , refer to it as " Sugar Crisp " till the day I die ? ?
Except THEN I'll just be reinforcing their original branding . Okay , tell you what : I can't forget the slogans but I CAN substitute their brands with something I do want to remember , like intercourse !
" Can't get enough of that intercourse " ?
Exactly ! " Silly rabbit ! Intercourse is for kids . " Wow !
That idea backfired incredibly quickly !
I've made the Best Conceptual Hallowe'en Costume EVER this year ! Check it out :
I'm someone from the past !
Neat ! So you're wandering around being all agog at electricity and airplanes and stuff !
No no , sorry , I should have specified : I'm from the RECENT past . Like , past three years . I'm walking around saying " Oh , wow ! Check out all these incremental improvements . "
Ah .
So what's in the news three years ago ?
Um , lots of the - politics ?
Actually , I'm someone from three years ago who also didn't follow the news .
Ah . So if you're someone from three years ago , shouldn't you be dressing up for Hallowe'en ? Hallowe'en 2005 ?
. . . . Yes .
I am about to .
HALLOWE'EN 2011 :
HEY UTAHRAPTOR ! I'M DRESSED UP AS MYSELF FROM THREE YEARS AGO !
Why are you yelling ?
BECAUSE I'M STILL KINDA CHEESED ABOUT YOU TEARING APART MY 2008 COSTUME AND IN THE INTERVENING YEARS I HAVE BECOME ONLY SLIGHTLY BETTER AT EXPRESSING MYSELF
While riding my bike yesterday and making a TOTALLY LEGAL move from the side of the road into traffic so that I could make a left - hand turn , this car dude honked at me !
So I flipped him off . It was BICYCLE ROAD RAGE !
It was insane . I never get road rage , bicycle or otherwise , and I never flip anyone off ! But here I was being all that I hate ! I flipped him off without even looking behind , and THEN , after I flipped him off he honked at me again , two little ones , and I flipped him off again , two little ones . Then I turned left and got away !
Are you sure he was honking at you ?
I am certain of it !
But how are you sure he meant anything aggressive by it ?
What else could he have meant ?
Well most cars have one horn that only makes one tone , right ? So the only paths for sentiment encoding are honk duration and count . Maybe one honk from that guy means " Hey sexy ! ! " and two short honks means " Wait a minute ! You're not so sexy ! ! "
Huh !
A FEW WEEKS LATER , T - REX GETS HONKED AT AGAIN :
Excuse me , everyone ? You saw what just happened ! What do you think that driver meant to convey ?
That you're a very handsome , clever and successful young man !
MOM , I was asking the OTHER pedestrians
Someone who doesn't vote is CLEARLY super chumpy . But , ON THE OTHER HAND , someone totally uninformed who votes anyway is ultra chumps too !
An interesting conundrum !
So let's take it to extremes : if voters were SO UNINFORMED that they were effectively voting randomly , then their noise would drown out the signal of informed voters . So that's bad !
Agreed ! But on the other hand , perfect knowledge of every candidate's position on every issue isn't possible . So there will always be UNDERinformed voters - it's just a matter of degree !
Agreed !
So let's just multiply everyone's vote by their informedness !
Making a less informed vote worth less ?
Exactly ! That way the " goodness " of a voter will directly impact how much their vote is worth !
Wow . T - Rex , your system only works if we can objectively measure informedness , which isn't going to happen . Plus , replace " goodness " with " ethnicity " in your phrase and you're a super crazy racist !
THAT EVENING :
Dear audio memoirs ! Today I was racist by word substitution again .
This -
This is the hardest racism not to be .
How great would it be to be able to make your voice sound like somebody else's ?
SUPER GREAT ? ?
Probably ! Because then I could do prank calls as you , Dromiceiomimus ! I could call Utahraptor as you and invite him over for dinner , and then , when he shows up for dinner , you're liable to be unprepared for company !
Possibly ! Or , I could be prepared and we could have a great time without you .
I - um .
OKAY , as revenge for that , I could prank call Dromiceiomimus and pretend that I'm a celebrity she likes !
It won't work !
We all know about your plans now ! If you ever do develop voice talent , we'll all be totally prepared for your little prank calls .
Well , I'VE actually got an emergency SUPER SECRET prank that I won't talk about , in case I ever do get the chance to pull it off .
HEY , LET'S ALL READ T - REX'S THOUGHTS !
Man , if I don't find a washroom soon others will be disappointed in me
HUH .
I REALLY THOUGHT HE'D BE THINKING ABOUT HIS SUPER SECRET PRANK
The ultimatum game is an economics game thing ! Two anonymous strangers have to decide how to divide a sum of money between themselves .
Player One proposes a non - zero split , and Player Two can either accept or reject it !
If Two accepts , they both take their money and go their separate ways . But if Two rejects , NOBODY gets any money . And the game is played only once , so there's no worry about reprisals .
So what's the problem ? Player Two should accept all the time - some money is better than none , right ?
That's what's so interesting ! When there's really unfair offers ( 90 / 10 , 99 / 1 ) , some players reject them anyway .
Maybe they'd rather have their pride than a few dollars !
Exactly !
I suppose it shows that people aren't motivated ENTIRELY by greed , even in situations involving money and a stranger you'll never see again .
Exactly , and that's something ! We're not ALL motivated by greed . Some of us are ALSO motivated by pride .
" VICTORIES WHERE WE CAN TAKE THEM "
Attention , retail establishments ! Hallowe'en is barely over .
Let us bask in the afterglow a bit before rolling over and kissing Christmas !
The worst part of this is that even COMPLAINING about the early commercialization of Christmas is pass ? . It's like airline food ! The zeitgeist has already moved on to acceptance and " their chefs do good work under difficult circumstances " and I'm left saying " Hey notice how this sucks , though ? "
Friggin' zeitgeists , eh ?
I know ! !
" Rolling over and kissing Christmas " ?
I'm experimenting with it !
I figure if everyone is gonna accept insanely early Christmas marketing , then I'M just going to sexually anthropomorphize the holidays . That way , when people encounter Christmas marketing , the disquieting thoughts they got from ME will at least make them aware of it !
Huh !
ONE YEAR LATER :
Attention , shoppers : boxing day is stripping down to its lingerie , and on our third floor , New Year's Eve wants you to have sex with it .
WHAT HAVE I WROUGHT
Today is a good day I think . . .
. . . for a treasure hunt !
Sweet ! So what are we looking for , T - Rex ?
Okay so in 1958 these two US Air Force planes were doing training exercises with a real nuclear bomb for some reason , and they crashed into each other ! And one of the planes was so damaged that it had to jettison its bomb above a bay in Georgia !
We're searching for a nuclear bomb ! ?
Serial number 47782 , baby !
This bomb was missing its nuclear capsule though , T - Rex ! It wouldn't explode .
Aw man ! NEVERMIND .
Yeah , where you REALLY want to look is beneath the ice in Greenland . Another crash there had four nuclear weapons involved , but only debris from three was recovered . There was evidence the fourth - or parts of it - had been so heated by the resulting fire that it melted down through the ice . Serial number 78252 !
T - REX LISTEN I CHECKED AND NOTHING GOOD CAN POSSIBLY COME FROM YOU HAVING ACCESS TO A NUCLEAR WEAPON
Perhaps you missed the scenario in which I use it to blow up . . . pollution ?
SEE
THIS IS WHAT I'M TALKING ABOUT
Today I will be a patron of the ARTS . Yes . That is a classy thing to be .
Women LOVE patrons !
They love 'em !
Hey Dromiceiomimus , have you noticed the arts lately ? I have , and as a patron , I find them to be very engaging AND artistic . . . on SEVERAL levels .
Name one painting that's not the Mona Lisa , The Scream , Starry Night , the ceiling of the Sistine Chapel , or the one with the dour couple holding the pitchfork .
Um . The one where the woman - is . . . surfing ?
Should've done your research , dude !
Whatever ! I can come up with painting names later !
No , so you'd know that a " patron of the arts " doesn't just mean you go to galleries . It means you give a significant amount of money to support art and artists ! It's where you put your disposable income .
What ? Screw that ! MY DISPOSABLE INCOME IS ALL EARMARKED FOR ONE PURPOSE !
THAT PURPOSE IS TO MAKE ME HAPPIER
THROUGH THE PURCHASE OF THINGS
THAT ONLY SERVE TO MAKE ME POORER
I'M GONNA STOP TALKING NOW AND RE - EVALUATE SOME DECISIONS OKAY
Ladies ! Gentlemen ! Everybody stop what you're doing for a sec .
I have gained access to a cake ! !
Let us divide it among us so we each get a fair amount , yes ? I will divide exactly into thirds !
But T - Rex , maybe I like cherries and you like icing . It doesn't have to be equal to be fair !
FINE . What if I divided it so that no - one would wnat to trade their piece with someone else ? That's fair ! That's ENVY - FREE , baby !
But that's not really fair either !
HOW IS THAT NOT FAIR ? ?
It's greedy . Let's cut it such that there's no other way it could be cut that would make ANY of us better off , without making at least one of us worse off . That's OPTIMAL for all of us , T - Rex , and that's optimal for SOCIETY .
That's one person keeping the whole cake ! Nice try , Utahraptor ! !
LATER :
Fuck , it's strawberry cake
Today is the day I find I'm no longer immersed in popular culture . I used to be SUBMERGED in it , but now I'm not even in the lake ! I'm on the shore , dripping wet , furrowing my brow and pointing at the lake in confusion .
Today is the day I realize that saying something " rocks " is actually really weird !
It's like a switch went off in my head . This radio station was all bragging on itself , saying " Kewl 105 : WE ROCK ! " and my first thought was " Like a moored boat ? Is it cool now to sway back and forth , like a boat tied to a dock by a length of rope ? "
You're taking it literally ?
That's the thing ! My FIRST INSTINCT was to take it literally . I had to remind myself what they really meant .
Then I thought of " rock concerts " and it seemed silly ! But " punk rock " seemed ADORABLE .
You just need to ROCK MORE !
I know you're trying Utahraptor , but it sounds to me like you're saying I should pitch dangerously to one side a little more often . It's too late for me . Tell them my story .
Goodbye T - Rex . We had a good run , didn't we ?
We did . By God , we did .
Hey , when I decide that " cool " can only mean something chilly , you'll still shoot me with the kryptonite bullet , right ?
No worries !
Awesome !
Awesome .
Today is a good day I think for surprising my friends . . .
. . . with breakfast in bed , that is !
SOON :
Oh , Dromiceiomimus , you're already out and about !
Yep !
I see . That's cool , I GUESS . I GUESS You can do what you want with you life .
Yep !
LATER :
Hey T - Rex , do you want to -
Man , YOU'RE already up too ?
This is the last time I try to make you guys breadfast in bed , okay ? You suckers don't stay in bed long enough to eat a delicious breakfast surprise .
Well , it's 11 am and I had things to do today . Maybe if you told me in advance . . . ?
Um , maybe if you were lazier and hungrier . . . ?
LATER :
I would like to cancel my order of thirty hash browns , please !
Sir this is not how grocery stores work
Then why do you have a drive - through ?
Sir
That is a good question
Guess who had their first dream of flying last night ?
Gentlemen , ladies : calm down please ! It was me ! !
You'd never dreamed about flying before ?
I HAD , but they were always dreams in which everyone else could fly and I couldn't . You know the one where everyone realizes they can fly by jumping and flapping their arms , but when you try it , you just hop a tiny bit higher than normal ? And it's KINDA cool but everyone else is flying so it's not THAT cool ?
" I'm T - Rex and I have transparently symbolic dreams ! "
Come on , man !
We ALREADY AGREED dreams sounds hella symbolic when described . If we want to talk about their contents , we have to move past symbolism !
Alright , fine .
Okay . So I was wondering , in case I get this dream again , where do YOU fly when you dream about flying ?
T - Rex , I fly through a giant pink tunnel , down through a dark hole , into a tremendous blooming flower , and finally around a huge roseate " V " with text beneath it that says " That 'V' stands for 'Vaginas' " .
Utahraptor !
Please continue
UTAHRAPTOR HAS GOTTEN LIFE INSURANCE !
Yes ! Because if he dies , then the money that shows up will make us say , " Perfect ! This is exactly as much as I valued that guy ! "
AND HE'S NAMED T - REX AS HIS SOLE BENEFICIARY !
WHAT ? !
Oh God , I'm DEFINITELY going to jail , and it's all Utahraptor's fault ! It's his revenge for all those arguments he los !
How is naming you as beneficiary revenge ?
Because when he dies , the police are going to ask " Who stands to gain ? " and now there's a giant MILLION - DOLLAR ARROW pointing right to me , signed and notarized ! Insurance policies are instant motive ! JUST ADD DEATH !
Well , what if I die of old age ?
Still no good , my friend !
Your insurance company still saves a MILLION DOLLARS if they can somehow make it look like I murdered you . They'll be there , hands cupped around the policeman's ear , whispering " Listen I am almost certain this green dude killed him and made it look like old age "
I - okay ?
It's just I got the policy free through work , and I named you as a nice gesture ? It doesn't even pay a million dollars . I'm pretty sure it's capped at $ 200 , 000 .
Utahraptor !
My fears have been reduced by precisely 80 % !
" EUPHEMISMS " FOR DATING
Yes ! Maybe sometimes you don't want to throw the fact that you've found happiness in the arms of another in my face ? Maybe you need some " euphemisms " .
For example !
Instead of saying " Sally and I are now dating exclusively " you can say " Sally and I are now seeing other people ONLY WITH REGRET . " On second thought , maybe you should keep the " Sally and I are now dating exclusively " because if I don't want to acknowledge your commitment , I can play dumb and say , " Sally and you are now dating exclusively . . . axe murderers ? Mad scientists ? Um , DOGS ? "
So , hey , your euphemisms are pretty weak so far !
Yes . Allow me to correct that !
Instead of " T - Rex , we're dating " : " T - Rex , we're eating an awful lot of picnics on Sundays " , " T - Rex , we're hanging out more than can be politely explained away " , " T - Rex , we're playing Mega Man in two - player mode " .
Mega Man doesn't have a two - player mode .
Not for us , Utahraptor ! Not for us .
* sigh *
You know what's freaky ? Ghost ships ! Ships sent sailing and found drifting weeks or months or years later , and EVERYBODY'S GONE .
Totally spooky , dudes !
I think what I love best about them is their aloneness : how everyone aboard was basically removing themselves from larger society , expecting to be reintegrated when they arrived & # 8212 ; and then something went catastrophically wrong ! All we can do is piece things together . Botched mutiny ? Rogue wave ? Everyone accidentally turning invisible AND mute AND ALSO incorporeal ? If you are overly credulous then it is impossible to say for sure ! !
They do have a certain romance to them that modern technology lacks , eh ?
It's the sea !
A boat can float along for years without crew or sails or a working engine . But if everyone disappears on an airplane it's not like we'll find it still flying around years later !
Imagine if we did , though ?
FINE
Reports indicate the " ghost plane " drifted for years over Europe before being found . The plane was undamaged , but in - flight meals were only partially eaten , as if abandoned in haste .
Um , even in the heady realm of fantasy I don't see how this could happen ! !
Okay ! Today is the day I go down in the record books for being the first guy who - who , um . . .
. . . who ate a tractor ?
Actually , someone's already eaten a tractor !
Aw , really ? All at once or in li'l bites ?
Over years , in tiny undigested pieces .
Hello ? That's the world record for Longest Time Taken To Push A Disabled Tractor Through A Stupid Digestive Tract . That doesn't count !
And if it DOES count , why stop at a tractor ?
Health and wellness ?
Forget that noise . I'm going to eat something way bigger and show that stupid tractor guy how it's done . What's something bigger than a tractor ? The box the tractor comes in ?
Um , a building ?
Perfect !
LATER :
Dear audio diary ! This afternoon found me with my mouth wrapped around the brick corner of the library , suddenly wondering if this was all life held for me .
Later I had cupcakes !
SIMPLE WAYS TO IMPROVE YOUR LIFE
Here are some simple ways to improve your life !
. . . Don't die ?
THE END
That really wasn't that helpful , T - Rex !
I know , I know !
But I don't HAVE any simple ways to improve lives ! Try being lucky ? Don't make bad decisions if you're about to do that ? Always be healthy - um , somehow ? Maybe don't be a crazy racist ?
That one's not bad .
EXCELLENT .
Later :
T - Rex , I feel like my life could be improved . Are there any ways I can improve it ?
Maybe you should stop being such a CRAZY RACIST ? ?
Yeah
People say that
Deus Ex Machina is the most excellent of all literary techniques because it's the only one where God shows up and says " Hey fellas , what the heck's going on ? " and then solves all the problems .
LITERARY TECHNIQUE COMICS today's technique : DEUS EX MACHINA
And it doesn't even have to be God ! ANYTHING that comes out of nowhere and solves all the problems counts ! An early example is in Macbeth , where Lady Macbeth is TOTALLY GUILTY over the murder she masterminded , but then she remembers her time machine !
What ?
Act V , Scene I ? Lady Macbeth is all , " Out , damned spot ! ! Out , I say ! Oh wait , here's my time machine ! "
I'd like to know where you buy your plays .
I'd like to know where you buy yours !
EVERYONE knows that Macbeth ends with Lady Macbeth going back in time and stopping the murder , and then she and Macbeth go to the future , which is the 1800s , which is actually the past now .
Then what happens ?
Shakespeare spends pages wildly inaccurately describing life in the 1800s ?
MEANWHILE , IN TUDOR ENGLAND !
I'm glad you decided to add time machines to your plays , Shakespeare !
i'm not shakespeare , i'm francis bacon !
and I'M christopher marlowe !
SURE YOU ARE
THE MYTH OF KING MIDAS
Midas was a king who was nice to a friend of the God of Wine , and so he gets a wish from the God of Wine ! NICE ! And so Midas wishes that everything he touched would turn to gold .
Instantly the ground he's standing on transforms into gold !
The gold change races across the planet's surface and down into the mantle like a shockwave , transmuting it instantly . In seconds , the Earth's iron - nickel core becomes pure non - ferrous gold , and the planet's magnetic field is lost . Unshielded from solar wind , every living creature begins to absorb desperately fatal levels of radiation . The soft gold of the planetary crust is unable to sustain the weight placed upon it , and begins to buckle and distort .
Midas watches in horror as his planet dies a golden death !
But not for long !
He's soon overcome by the terrible sensation of drowning on dry land : any air that touches his lungs is being transmuted on contact into tiny flecks of gold . He suffocates and dies as his lungs fill with the formerly precious metal .
Air that touches his cooling body continues to transmute , and he's soon covered in a fine golden layer of ash .
The moral is not to make wishes like that , King Midas ! !
Attention , people who are breaking up with someone ! Don't say " it just wasn't meant to be " , okay ?
You are greatly complicating your breakup !
Because now instead of simply saying " hey listen for my tastes you are WAY too sassy " you are saying " hey listen okay there's this all - powerful invisible being who controls EVERYONE'S FATE and he's or she or it or they ( it's hard to say and nobody really agrees ) has got plans and intentions and a particular interest in us NOT being together . "
Occam's razor , people ! OCCAM'S RAZOR .
You're saying that in a breakup , entities should not be multiplied without necessity ?
I AM .
Besides , honesty can help the dumped person improve . They can say " maybe my sassiness IS at all - time highs ! ! " instead of saying " GEEZ I wish whoever controlled our fates would stop being such a DICK " , saying " DICK " really loudly so the fate controlling entity is sure to hear .
" You don't need God to dump someone " ?
You don't need God to dump someone ! ! Oh my God , Utahraptor . Yes !
T - REX
I AM HAPPY TO HELP THOUGH
So gravity happens because matter bends spacetime and blah blah blah . But dudes , I had a crazy idea ! What if instead of gravity being a property of matter , it was a property of the ENTIRE FRIGGIN' UNIVERSE ?
Have all minds within the sound of my voice been COMPLETELY AND IRREVOCABLY BLOWN ? ?
So check it : the universe is suffused with tiny invisible particles that travel in equal intensity from all directions . So if you were alone in the universe , you'd be hit equally from all directions and nothing would happen . But if there's a planet in front of you , then any particles coming from its direction are going to hit it instead and not you ! So you're no longer in balance , and particles coming from BEHIND you will push you towards the planet .
And YOU'RE blocking a much smaller number of particles from hitting the planet , so it'll move a little towards you !
Yes !
It's a fun theory , but if you're absorbing particles all the time , shouldn't you be gaining mass ?
No , because they're & # 8212 ; massless ?
Ah , so you'd be absorbing energy then .
They're & # 8212 ; energyless as well ?
SOON , T - REX FINDS OUT THAT HIS GRAVITATIONAL THEORY HAS ALREADY BEEN PROPOSED BACK IN THE YEAR 1690 !
Everyone in the past needs to stop preemptively plagiarizing my ideas !
I keep saying that but it keeps happening ! It's total crap ! !
I have a great idea for a comic you guys !
Okay so there's a single panel with three stand - up comics on stage , each in front of a microphone , talking and smiling , making gestures , that sort of thing . And in the foreground there's a guy in the audience who's whispering something to his friend , and the caption says " What's so funny 'bout Peace , Love , and Understanding ? " Tada !
. . .
Dromiceiomimus , if you liked me you'd be laughing
The names of the comedians are like the title of that song ?
Yes ! THAT IS WHY IT'S HILARIOUS ! !
Hey , incidentally , I'M working on a comic where there's a man on his hands and knees looking under his couch and his wife is saying " Have you found your keys ? " and he's saying " No , I Still Haven't Found What I'm Looking For ( My Keys ) " .
ARGH
THE END
Oh my goodness I just figured out what I was meant to do with my life . I have discovered my CALLING .
Body farm owner ! !
Forensic anthropologists want to study how bodies decompose in different circumstances ! And so they go to their neighborhood BODY FARM , which is basically just a few acres of land surrounded by a fence and filled with DEAD AND DECOMPOSING BODIES . Some are out in the open , others are underwater or entombed or whatever ! And scientists come and science up the joint , and I'LL be the guy who holds a torch under his face and says " Welcome to my farm of death and decay . "
I'd only say that sometimes , Utahraptor .
You'd only say it never !
There are tons of legal , ethical , and security issues you're not even considering !
" Security issues " ! What's better security than living in a house surrounded by CORPSES ? " Oh hey , let's go steal the TV from the corpse house " ? NOBODY HAS EVER SAID THAT , UTAHRAPTOR ! !
Honestly , Utahraptor . If you keep being so down on my body farm idea , when you die I might not let you decay out in the open on my front lawn !
T - Rex , what I am about to say , I say with all honesty .
In my heart of hearts , I truly thought we already had such an accord
Okay so this game is called " Guess Two Thirds of the Average " ! We all pick a number between 0 and 100 and guess what 2 / 3rds of the average of everyone else's guesses will be !
The winner is the person who guesses the closest number !
So let's say everyone else chose 100 - you'd want to choose 66 . 67 , because that's 2 / 3rds of 100 . But the catch is you all choose your numbers at the same time and don't tell the other players .
So , 66 . 67 is really the ceiling - any number larger than that can't possibly win !
Exactly !
But I can assume all the other players know this too , and won't guess higher than 66 . 67 .
Yep !
So in that case I should choose 2 / 3rds of THAT , which is - 44 . 44 ?
But assuming the other players know that too . . .
. . . then I keep taking 2 / 3rds off that number until I end up at 0 .
Woo
LATER :
Who here can name a game that sounds like it's way more fun than it actually is ?
GUESS TWO THIRDS OF THE AVERAGE GUESS TWO THIRDS OF THE AVERAGE ! !
PICK ME !
GUESS TWO THIRDS OF THE AVERAGE
Dudes !
There are a lot of friggin' religions !
And let's say you're a lady or fellow who thinks " Man , heaven sounds like okay times ! I've GOT to get in on that action . " But you're stymied , because which religion should you choose ? There's like a billion different ones , and if you bet on the wrong horse then no heaven for you , chumpy !
My friends , I have the solution : The T - Rex system !
Okay , I'll bite : what's the T - Rex system ?
You overlap each and every religion in a Venn diagram !
THEN , you just look for the place of maximum overlap and follow the precepts there ! Say you discover most religions say something like " Give to the poor " : you know that by doing this , you're maximizing your Heaven Potential & # 8482 ; for HUNDREDS of religions at once ! Plus , you're not wasting time on CRAZY and UNPOPULAR precepts .
Um , what if the Judeo - Christian God exists and wants you to believe in no - one else but him ?
Um , here's another hypothetical for you , Utahraptor : WHAT IF ALL GODS EXIST AND WHEN YOU DIE YOU COULD SPEND YOUR TIME IN LIKE 80 BILLION HEAVENS AT ONCE ? ?
I have kissed a lady . I have seen PLENTY of beautiful sunsets . I've even driven a car through a fruit stand during a car chase !
. . . What's left ?
This , my friends , is the malaise of the glutton at life's buffet , The Man Who Achieved Too Much Too Soon . He looks ahead , his life not half over , and sees no more frontiers to conquer , no more challenges , no more surprises ! All that remains is a slow slide into compromise and old age , the long December spent waiting for the day his mind and body finally fail .
Then : death !
Hah ! We're seriously talking about you here ?
Hey , here's some things you've never done ! you've never tried fugu , punched out a ghost , gotten married , eaten your way out of a whale , gone heli - skiing , or been shot at by a criminal , but then ran around the bullets at super speed , grabbed the criminal , and then ran back at super speed so that he could be shot by his own bullets .
MEANWHILE , IN THE UNIVERSE WHERE T - REX HAS DONE THESE THINGS :
Well !
I guess I could do them in ORDER . . .
WHAT ARE ONE IN SEVEN CANADIANS UP TO ?
One in seven Canadians is living with a disability !
But one in seven Canadians is ALSO productively employed in the agri - food industry !
So they're not allowing a disability to affect their job performance ! Nice .
It's especially impressive after I tell you that one in seven Canadians is . . . A SENIOR CITIZEN ! !
Wow , they're doing a lot for their age !
But it's not all sunshine and roses , Utah - raptor .
One in seven Canadians also has alcohol - related problems , suffers from insomnia , arthritis , skin cancer , AND has seriously considered suicide .
Yikes .
Don't worry ! One in seven Canadians will die of an infectious disease before they can suicide ! PLUS they'll leave money to charity !
THIS COMIC IS DEDICATED TO ONE IN SEVEN CANADIANS
THANKS FOR TAKING IT FOR THE TEAM ?
Zombies versus vampires ! They're the new pirates versus ninjas verses ants that combined themselves together to form the shape of a giant ant !
And the question is : who would win in a fight ?
Unfortunately the question is ridiculous because zombies and vampires have no reason to be fighting . vampires drink blood and zombie blood is all decayed and pooling in their feet . They wouldn't be interested ! Correspondingly , zombies eat brains and vampires -
- okay maybe they would fight sometimes .
And zombies would win , obviously !
Obviously ! !
If you're bitten by a zombie then you become a zombie , so all the vampires would eventually be vampire zombies !
Except if you're bitten by a vampire you become a vampire , so all the zombies would eventually become vampires .
Utahraptor !
T - Rex !
This is the poignant example of the futility of war that we've ever seen ! !
I wonder what it's like being a ghost . Immortality coupled with incorporeality seems like a potent combination ! Is it TRULY 24 / 7 party times ?
There's one way to find out !
" A TALK WITH GOD "
Excuse me , God ! What's being a ghost like ?
WHAT I AM NOT A GHOST T - REX
Okay but what's the difference between you and a ghost then ?
THE DIFFERENCE IS THAT WHEN I SAY " BOO " PEOPLE GET TOTALLY SPOOKED
LISTEN
THAT WAS A BAD EXAMPLE
LISTEN ANOTHER DIFFERENCE IS THAT I CAN CREATE UNIVERSES
I've no evidence that ghosts can't do that !
Huh ?
I was saying , I don't have any evidence that ghosts can't create universes . Maybe they just CHOOSE not to , you know ? Maybe they've got enough hassles without adding a whole new UNIVERSE on top of them .
Huh ?
Nevermind !
God , it would be more convenient for me if other people could hear you .
T - REX IT WOULD BE MORE CONVENIENT FOR ME IF YOU WEREN'T SO SASSY
God ! We will DEFINITELY have to agree to differ on that one ! !
Cave painting : check . Renaissance - era painting : check . Astrolabe from the Age of Discovery stuffed inside my computer : check !
It appears I have finished decorating my house !
That's a pretty eclectic set of decorations !
It is ! But here's my angle : let's say there's a catastrophe and everyone dies . When Future Folks dig up my house , I will throw their historical understanding into chaos ! They will say " HOW COULD A CAVE MAN OWN A RENAISSANCE - ERA PAINTING AND A COMPUTER WITH AN ASTROLABE STUFFED IN IT ? ! FRIG . HISTORY IS RUINED , YOU GUYS . "
Or they could simply deduce that someone collected these things from the past !
They might !
But THEN worst case they'll think , " Wait , nevermind : THIS dude just had supremely excellent taste ! ! "
So either you want to destroy a future generation's idea of history , or be remembered for your skills at interior decoration .
Yeah , either way I win !
EPILOGUE : YEARS LATER , T - REX IS MOSTLY REMEMBERED FOR THE ONE TIME HE SAID " WHICH ONE OF YOU JERKS POURED A COFFEE IN MY HAT ? "
Attention , future generations !
I'm still calling that a win !
The best way to revenge yourself on an animal is to eat it .
Everyone knows it but they leave it to ME to say it out loud !
And this is the problem with vegetarians ! ! If a cow sasses me , I can say " Oh yeah ? Well guess what , wise guy ? ! I will use your flesh for digestive energy . " But vegetarians just take it ! And then cows have no idea who they can get away with sassing , and let's face it they're not the smartest pickles in the fountain , so they sass EVERYONE and then I end up eating a lot of beef .
It's not that big a problem .
I find it doubtful that you've ever revenged yourself on animals in such a way !
You haven't ?
Utahraptor , it's so SATISFYING . You're like " My feelings are hurt , but soon I'll be full of meat . Wow , I feel better already ! ! "
What , you hang around farms and wait for some imagined insult ?
Okay , you're coming with me and we're going to sneak onto a farm .
45 MINUTES LATER
HOLY CRAP SHEEP HAVE RECTANGULAR PUPILS ! !
WHAT THE HELL WHAT THE HELL
AHHHHH
" T - Rex , " she said " I'm in love with you . " She gazed into his eyes , smiling . " I thought differently about it , and it's DEFINITELY because you're so handsome and intelligent . "
T - Rex laughed !
" Baby , " he replied , " it's also because I am sexy and loveable and smart and manly and sexy . " She was nodding . He paused , looked around , and then whispered , " I put 'sexy' in twice because I'm - " " - twice as sexy " she whispered back , the two of them whispering it together . She knew that he was twice as sexy as a regular sexy man . That was probably a good thing for their relationship , he decided . Better that she know now , than be suprised down the road !
Suddenly she threw up on T - Rex , over and over until he was drenched in digestive fluid !
No ! That's not what happened !
Um - " That's not what happened , " she said , wiping her mouth . T - Rex realized it wasn't vomit , it was -
- ultravomit , a new form of vomit that was digesting him alive ! As his skin began to dissolve , T - Rex's face melted , slid down the side of his neck , and plopped onto the ground .
FOR SOME REASON T - REX AND UTAHRAPTOR PUBLISH THEIR COLLABORATIVE STORY ! IT GOES STRAIGHT TO NUMBER 1
Woo !
WHEN SORTED BY REVERSE POPULARITY
awww daaaang
People say to me , " T - Rex , what do you want for Christmas ? " This year I have the perfect gift idea !
Peace on Earth !
I'm serious ! People SAY this a lot , but they're always adding a " oh hey if that doesn't work out remote controlled cars are just as awesome " , which , WHILE TRUE , also supplies an out ! By only asking for peace , I'm forcing my entire network of friends to try to get it for me ! It turns negative consumerism into Positive World Change , PLUS , if anyone pulls it off I get to raise my hand in the new utopia and say " Awesome ! This was my idea . "
So you want world peace with none of the work and all of the credit !
Yes please !
Utahraptor , it's CHRISTMAS . If you told me what you wanted I would get it for you , no questions asked ! And I'm telling you I want world peace .
So listen , I might just get you a towel .
Peace please ! !
T - Rex , it's December 18th ! Even if I knew how , that's not much time to convince the entire planet to hug .
Utahraptor
It's CHRISTMAS
I need to get the best present EVER for Utahraptor this year . And that present is clearly , a - um . . . a . . .
HERE IS WHERE IT ALL GOES WRONG :
A spouse ! !
It's the best gift ! If things go well then years later people will say " How did you two meet ? " and he can say " T - Rex hooked us up for Chistmas ! BEST GIFT EVER ! ! " and then they can high five !
Yeah , but when it goes poorly , your gift is nothing but an INCREDIBLY AWKWARD BOXIND DAY .
I'm doing it ! !
LATER :
So I got the link you emailed me , T - Rex !
Yes ! God on . . . !
It's a dating profile for me , using a picture taken through my kitchen window . My hair colour is given as " bald but kool " , my age as " about my age , I'd say " , and my interests as " spouses " and " ASCII art thumbs up " and then the rest of my profile is this enormous ASCII art thumbs up .
Hah !
Upon closer inspection that was actually more a gift for me than Utahraptor
WIKIPEDIA HAS BECOME A REAL PERSON !
Yes , I don't know how it happened but it's true ! Wikipedia is a woman now .
And she's super smart , too !
You ask her about frogs , and bam ! She knows ALL ABOUT THEM . And then you ask her about trains , and she's all , " Did you mean the band ? The album ? THE BAVARIAN VILLAGE ? ? " and I'm like , " All of them , I guess ! " It's great . It's kind like dating God !
I - you're dating her ?
BUT SOON :
So hey , how are things going with that Wikipedia lady ?
Utahraptor ! Awful ! !
We were in bed and I kissed her , and I asked her about herself , right ? To set the mood ? And she swore at me , but then she took it back , and then she yelled " HITLER WAS RIGHT " , but then she took it back , and then she showed me a picture of a wiener , but then I said " You know what I think I'm done asking about you . "
Later I asked her about Christmas and she told me Santa wasn't real
Today is the day I bring back the word " daffy " !
LIKE THE DUCK
NO NOT LIKE THE DUCK
It means " crazy " !
And it USED to be a good adjective , until Daffy Duck showed up and stole it and now when I say " daffy " everyone thinks " duck " ! He only wants the adjective for himself ! He got GREEDY .
But Daffy's his name ! Shouldn't we think of him when we hear it ?
There's plenty of guys named " Bob " , but I can still float in a volume of water without everyone suddenly reminiscencing about those dudes !
So , if I can summarize : you're mad at a fictional character .
Yes ! No .
Look , I just want to be able to use " daffy " again . I want to say , " What a daffy car that is ! " and have nobody get that far - off " Huh , I wonder if they're still putting Daffy Duck on mugs " look in their eyes .
I -
YES THEY ARE STILL PUTTING DAFFY DUCK ON MUGS
LATER :
I AM MAKING MY OWN DAFFY DUCK MUGS WHERE WHEN YOU PUT HOT LIQUID IN IT IT SAYS " DAFFY IS ALSO AN ADJECTIVE AND NOT JUST A DUCK "
ALSO
I SHOUTED TOO MUCH AND MY VOICE GOT STUCK THIS WAY
ASK PROFESSOR SCIENCE
Our letter to Professor Science comes from me ! I write :
" Dear Professor : How do I know which food that I ate got turned into my eyes ? "
I really thought I wrote that one better . Wow .
Anyway , what I meant was this : how do we know what food we ate contributed to which parts of our bodies ? Put simply , Professor , last week I ate a salami sandwich . I have but one simple question : IS THAT SALAMI NOW MY BRAIN ? ?
Well , I imagine proteins are digested and used in different ways !
Unsatisfactory ! !
I want to know precisely where my meals will end up before I eat them ! You know what my dream is ? My dream is to pick out a lobster in a tank and say " Oh , I'll have that one , the one on the right . Yes . Have him boiled ; I will consume his flesh . I will turn him into eyeballs . "
Huh .
LATER :
I have a new science question , Professor ! !
Is & # 8212 ;
Is it wrong to want things that are terrible ?
I found out about the best word yesterday : " frigorific " ! It means " cold " . With this word I can now finally say the sentence , " DAAAAMN , girlfriend , that was totally frigorific ! "
I HAVE ALWAYS WANTED TO SAY THAT SENTENCE .
" Frigorific " is actually old news , T - Rex ! It was Merriam - Webster's Word of the Day last - Thursday , I think ?
You know what ? Screw those guys , man ! I don't even care if it WAS their Word of the Day last week . It's my Word of the Day TODAY .
Anyway , who trusts a Word of the Day chosen by the publisher of a DICTIONARY ?
Basically everyone ?
It's ridiculous ! It's like asking Kellogg's what their Cereal of the Day is . Hey , here's a hint ! I BET IT'LL BE A CEREAL MANUFACTURED BY KELLOGG'S !
But M - W will obviously choose words in the dictionary !
THEIR dictionary , not THE dictionary ! There's like 80 billion words they've never heard about .
SOON :
See ? I couldn't find " sexplosive " , " mathemagician " , " backne " OR " ambisextrous " !
I'm pretty sure my life is better without those words .
Utahraptor ! No one has ever said that about " ambisextrous " .
Okay so we've all evolved from lesser beings and in order to continue the species , we have a genetic imperative to reproduce !
And this is PROBABLY why sexin' is fun times !
And I'm told that when you hold your newborn child in your arms for the first time , this is a transcendental and joyous life - changing event . Sure , fine ! I TOTALLY BELIEVE YOU . But why are these pleasures just related to reproduction ? Why can't I have the joy of having a child without actually HAVING to have the child ?
It's my understanding that children are really expensive , you guys ! !
I don't see what kind of shortcut , you're going for here !
Genetic Engineering ! It's SO EASY .
let's just replace the biological imperative to reproduce ! Let's give ourselves the same joy and wonder from an egg sammich as we get from first holding our child in our arms ! Let's make gum as deeply fulfilling as watching your child graduate top of the class , Dean's list , summa cum laude . Bubblegum flavour .
So your ideal future is one where everyone's weeping over their Whoppers with Cheese , and nobody's having sex ?
Who said anything about not having sex ? The whole point is you can do both at the same time !
" Boo hoo this is tasty boo hoo I'm also enjoying this sex as well " ?
I am a generous guy ! If someone wants to go in front of me in traffic , I slow down and let them in .
But it's all an act !
I let someone cut in front of me for two reasons : because I figure this way it's more likely they'll do the same for me in the future , and because I recognize that it helps the traffic system as a whole . But this isn't generosity , it's greed ! It's well - presented greed . It's me selfishly wanting to get around quickly so BADLY that I'll sacrifice the short term for the long term .
So you think you're not actually a good person !
I'm not !
I'll ask if you want the last piece of pie before I take it , but again : that's just me selfishly wanting friends and knowing that actually showing my greediness impedes that . Otherwise I'd be gobbling it like crazy !
Well , even if it's an act , at least you're pretending ! Tons of folks won't even do that .
That's true ! And . . . and that means as long as they're still around , then I'm NOT the worst person ever ! Oh my God , now I have a perfectly selfish reason to be thankful for all the jerks !
You're SUCH a good friend , Utahraptor !
T - REX HAS BECOME A RELATIONSHIP COUNSELLOR .
Yep !
It's not that hard , you guys !
Someone comes in and says " Boo hoo I have trouble with one or more of my RELATIONSHIPS " , and what do I say ? I say " How does that make you feel ? " and they say " Sad " and I say " But talking about it makes you feel better , right ? " and they say " A little , I guess " and I say " Excellent ! CASE CLOSED . "
When I say " Case closed " I make eye contact , take off my glasses , and dramatically slam closed the book I'm holding .
You don't wear glasses !
I wear them when I'm a relationship counsellor , silly !
This whole thing is so implausible ! How did you suddenly become a counsellor ? Where do your customers come from ?
From bad relationships , obviously !
HOW DO THEY HEAR ABOUT YOUR SERVICES ?
VIA THEIR EARS , I WOULD IMAGINE ? ?
I am drumming up business for myself
Everyone , there's no need for all this fussin' and a - feudin' !
Oil is totally a renewable resource !
We just have to give it time , okay ? We'll all go and do something else for a while , when we come back there'll be oil EVERYWHERE . The place will be rotten with it , and then we can stuff that into our cars , okay ?
Is this " I am techically accurate but not practical " day ?
Of course not !
Today is " What would things be like if we had lifespans of millions of years ? Guys , let's pretend " day .
Ah . So we're still burning through oil much faster than it's being formed .
Only if you're not participating in today's theme ! !
Hey , since we live for millions of years , let's go make some staggeringly beautiful art that can only be created by synthesizing thousands of years of experience , hopes , fears , triumphs and failures into one transcendental expression of life !
I need to be home by 7
Let's say you're playing chess with someone , and suddenly they have a fatal heart attack . This is the best possible way to win , you guys !
You have kicked their ass at chess so HARD that they DIED .
It doesn't matter if you were losing when they kicked the bucket : you've still won with the best finishing move possible ! And what's more , your victory is SO AWESOME that it completely overshadows everything your opponent ever accomplished during his life ! People will say , " Sure , that guy may have CURED CANCER , but he lost so badly at chess that he died . " EVERY VERSION OF HIS OBITUARY WILL END WITH " CHECKMATE . "
Every time we play chess , you're hoping that I die ! !
I'm not !
Okay , I am . But it's a small hope !
Yeah , a small hope I'll be dead and gone and remembered as " The Guy Who Was So Upset When He Lost His Queen That His Heart Stopped Beating " !
Yes ! Exactly !
I'm not a terrible person , Utahraptor ! If you died playing chess I'd be sad , obviously ! But also happy , because I KICKED YOUR ASS STRAIGHT TO THE GRAVE .
. . . Let us pause here and remember how truth and honesty are the foundation of any social relationship ?
What is love ? Love is " a strong positive emotion of regard and affection " . It was a silly question to ask because the answer is right there in the dictionary !
But that's too easy . We have to complicate up that business !
Maybe we'll insist that love can't be defined , that it's beyond the reach of rational thought , that we fall in and out of love in a way that is completely beyond our control . All we can do is hope for the best and hold on for the ride , because it's Cupid's arrow straight through the heart , striking anywhere at any time ! It's a lot like an axe murderer , or a brain aneurysm . Or a stroke . Or dementia .
Love is just a feeling ! A CHEMICAL STATE . We don't need to deify it !
So romantic !
I've got nothing against romance ! You can still be romantic while maintaining that love is an understandable emotion . Just be rational ! And don't do tons of stupid stuff and use " I was in love ! " as the justification . That's not love : that's responsibility deflection .
So you're completely rational about love ? You keep any non - sciency feelings out of it , walking around town saying " this person is acceptable ; I will proceed to love them . Love begins in 3 , 2 , 1 , - now . "
Excuse me !
I just THINK that
So it turns out that there's different kinds of love .
I know ! Who knew ?
There's ROMANTIC LOVE , but there's also the love you feel for a family member , an activity , religious love , a sandwich , and so on . And we call all these " love " , which maybe is why people are so confused about it ! What we need are DIFFERENT words for each of these feelings .
Like other languages !
Aw man ! Other languages already stole my idea ?
Long ago , actually ! Ancient Greek had words for passionate love ( eros ) , dispassionate love ( philia ) , the love of family ( storge ) , general affection ( agape ) , and so on . Versions of these survive in modern Greek as well !
Aha , but still no sandwich love !
EVERY DAY EACH OF US SAYS THE DUMBEST THING WE ARE GOING TO SAY THAT DAY .
Hey , maybe the ancient Greeks all died out and evolved into current Greeks PRECISELY BECAUSE they didn't have a word for " sandwich love " ? ?
T - REX IS GETTING HIS OUT OF THE WAY EARLY .
I am a fan of knowing things ! Generally , the more things you know , the better prepared you are for someone asking " Hey , do you know all about 18th century literature ? "
Because then if you know about 18th century literature you can punch them aside and say " OBVIOUSLY ! "
But it occurs to me there are situations where ignorance is bliss ! For example , imagine if you knew all about how the worst moment of your life would go down . You'd spend a bunch of your time saying " Aw dang , that's STILL going to suck ! "
Or maybe you'd say " I'm glad my current circumstances aren't as bad as THAT ! " or " Now that THAT'S over , things have nowhere to go but up ! "
True . Okay , but say you knew the BEST moment of your life !
Something to look forward to !
Okay , but say it's passed , so it's all downhill from here on out .
Still , maybe you've got a bunch of tied - for - second moments , and I bet all those combined are better than one single best moment !
FINE .
T - REX KNOWING EVERYTHING IS NOT ACTUALLY THAT GREAT
I knew it ! ! Why ?
WELL I KNOW EXACTLY 217 PEOPLE ARE CURRENTLY PLANNING TO SNIFF THEIR OWN POO AND CLAIM IT WAS AN " ACCIDENT "
WHICH I GUESS ISN'T THAT MUCH FOR AN ENTIRE UNIVERSE ACTUALLY
You know who hasn't written a screenplpay for a while ?
MOST PEOPLE
But especially me ! !
And that's going to change right now !
Okay , so the scene opens in a spaceship and it's the future ! The ship is this huge mechanical leviathan , all pipes and metal catwalks , unfriendly , imposing . And it's drifting in deep space ! The engines have overloaded and blown up . This is all explained in the opening musical montage , set to " Louie Louie " !
It's comedy ?
Um , no ! It's science fiction DRAMA . " Louie Louie " is just a really good song .
So after this dramatic montage we're on the bridge , where the Captain is !
What's his story ?
Well , he's a gruff man , but he knows his spaceships . His name ? Captain Flannigan O'Spaceships .
Captain O'Spaceships .
Yes . He's yelling " Status ! " and there's a dramatic strings version of " Red Red Wine " playing . It's a very tense scene !
LATER : HOLLYWOOD !
Kid , most screenplays are written down , not described verbally .
True ! But sir , I think you'll find that you're forced to agree : THIS ISN'T MOST SCREENPLAYS .
If I agree that doesn't mean i have to produce it though right ?
All funny t - shirts use the same unmodified t - shirt canvas :
Slogan on the front ! And maybe on the back sometimes !
Forget that , man ! Let's kick it up a notch or two ! Let's break free of our self - imposed t - shirt boundaries .
How ? Funny sweaters ? Funny evening gowns ? Funny HOSIERY ?
Layers , Dromiceiomimus ! SEQUENCES .
Beneath an " I'M WITH STUPID " shirt , wear another one that says " NO , NOT REALLY " .
Handy in case Stupid gets mad !
Exactly ! And beneath that , another shirt that says " IF I WAS STANDING NEXT TO A VISIBLE MINORITY WITH THE OTHER SHIRT I DIDN'T MEAN IT AND I APOLOGIZE ! ! " Beneath that , " YOU GUYS , I'M NOT ACTUALLY RACIST " ; Beneath that , " IT WAS JUST THE UNFORTUNATE JUXTAPOSITION OF MY SHIRT FROM 4 SHIRTS AGO AND A PERSON "
I was inspired when I saw a racist person stripping !
I thought , wow , if only they'd been wearing the shirts I just invented .
Most of Shakespeare's life is a mystery ! People spend their time reading his plays and saying " Man , this guy has dudes sailing from cities that are days away from large bodies of water . "
" He must not have known geography that well ! "
" Therefore . . . he must not have travelled that much ! I HAVE UNCOVERED A FACT ABOUT SHAKESPEARE'S LIFE ! " and then they're happy .
But that's because there's not much we actually know about Shakespeare's life .
That's exactly my point ! We're RECONSTRUCTING it from hints , subtext , deduction and innuendo from his works . I CAN USE THIS .
How ?
In my own life !
I'll write plays that HINT at how great I am , how smart and sexy and awesome everyone finds me . Then I just excise every other mention of myself from history , and the plays are the only source left ! They're the only way to learn about the towering mind behind them , this Adonis of authors , this . . . T - Rex .
But what if your play sucks and nobody wants to know ANYTHING about its author ?
Please . My first play is called " The Motorist Who Spewed Racial Epithets While Also Spewing Vomit " !
( It was inspired by an actual motorist I felt terrible about AND for ! )
So , God !
HEY WHAT'S UP
I was wondering , what happens when you die ?
UM
PRETTY SURE I GET TO LIVE FOREVER
No no , I mean , what happens when the RHETORICAL " you " dies ?
WE ALL START SPEAKING MORE PRECISELY
What happens to ME when I die ? Me . Myself !
I DO BELIEVE YOU GET BRAINED BY A TEAP CUP
Argh ! Never try to have a theological discussion with God !
I never do !
In fact , I don't try to have theological discussions , period ! Debating something that boils down to " I believe this despite an absence of proof " is not my idea of fun times .
ALL I WANT TO KNOW IS WHAT HAPPENS WHEN I DIE
. . . Don't you get brained by a teacup ?
Alright , that's it . Attention , everyone ! I have an announcement to make ! I don't know when people started using " brain " as a verb , but i find I am forced to give it my full endorsement ! !
I think it would be a great idea to write a really convincing essay praising plagiarism , and have significant parts of it plagiarized . Hilarious !
Looks like this Thursday morning just got filled up ! !
Ahem . Plagiarizing is the act of plagiarizing ; taking someone's words or ideas as if they were your own ! That's from the dictionary , Dromiceiomimus . I plagiarized it !
At what point does plagiarism begin , though ? When defining a word , especially in brief , it's possible you'd hit on the exact same word structure as someone else . That's not plagiarism , that's just & # 8211 ; independent invention !
Yeah , and if you say " I'm hungry " , you're not plagiarizing everyone who's said it before !
FINE .
" How do I love plagiarism ? Let me count the ways . "
Well , there you're using a poem so famous I'd argue it doesn't need citation . It's a reference ! People will get it .
Ah ! You mean like " Plagiarism : the final frontier " ?
" But , soft ! what light through yonder window breaks ? It is the east , and Plagiarism is the sun " ?
" Deep into that darkness peering , long I stood there , plagiarizing , fearing " ?
I feel like maybe you're not sure what plagiarism is
Any machine that travels through time has to be a machine that travels through space as well ! I've been saying this for years .
Because dudes , the Earth is spinning on its axis !
And it's whipping around the sun , and the sun is rotating in the arm of a galaxy that's also whipping around the Universe . You go back in time without travelling through space , you're likely to find yourself alone in the vacuum , millions of kilometers behind the Earth you left a ( relative ) instant ago !
Perhaps ! But this problem only comes up if you're not the centre of the Universe .
Huh ?
If you're not the centre of the Universe , then you're perched on an Earth that's whipping through space , and sure , there's problems from that . But if you ARE the centre of the Universe , then everything's revolving around you ! You can go through time without worry , because you'll always arrive right where you started .
Oh , wow ! This means that if we can travel through time , then we can also SCIENTIFICALLY PROVE whether of not someone is actually the centre of the Universe .
Science keeps surprising me in surprising new ways !
So let's say I'm a painter , and I've studied really hard and I've worked really hard and I've become one of the best painters in the world . Hooray ! Except there's one problem :
There's nowhere to go but down !
I've got no new frontiers to challenge ! Do I quit while I'm ahead ? That seems like a waste of all effort . or do I power throgh and continue painting as my body begins to fail , trying to recall my earlier successes as my work inevitably declines , sliding towards self - parody ?
I think that's egotistical and false dichotomy !
Explain !
Just because you've conquered everything about painting TODAY doesn't mean you've also conquered everything about painting in the future . You're in privileged position of a master painter : from that high vantage point , maybe you can see where the medium can go next !
I have a confession , Utahraptor !
I was 10 the last I painted ! And it was muscley dog doing the splits . And I'm sure Leonardo could have painted it better . And I'm pretty sure I'm talking about the Ninja Turtle there .
Aaaaand now I'm certain of it . I am speaking of the ninja teen .
It's Tuesday , everyone ! Let's talk about our bodies ! !
Wooooo
Okay , my body is big AND tall AND it has many hidden surprises . I wonder which one YOU'LL discover next ?
I'm not sure I'd want to be with someone who describes their own body as " surprising " .
It's not " Oh gosh oh gosh I didn't know that smell could exist " 24 / 7 ! There's good surprises too !
You really think your body is perfect , don't you ?
Honestly , I don't see any flaws !
Really ? Because if you had wings on your back , that would look incredible in this amazing death metal sort of way , and they might even give you limited flight abilities . I'd say that's MORE perfect ! I'd say it's so much more perfect , in fact , that their absence becomes an almost palpable flaw .
LATER :
I used to be better at imagination
If I had lived in the past I'd have different beliefs , because I'd have nobody modern around me to teach me anything else !
FACT .
And I find it really unlikely that I would come up with all our modern good stuff on my own , running around saying " YOU GUYS ! DEMOCRACY IS PRETTY OKAY . ALSO , WOMEN ARE EQUAL TO MEN , AND RACISM ? KIND OF A DICK MOVE ! " . If I was raised by racist and sexist parents in the middle of a racist and sexist society , I'm pretty certain I'd be racist and sexist ! I'm only as enlightened as I am today because I've stood on the shoulders of giants .
I'm pretty certain that you're right !
Okay , good !
But that doesn't make me a terrible person , right ? We're judging the past by the standard of the present .
Right .
Right . So that raises the question : IS EVERYONE FROM THAT PERIOD IN HELL , OR IS HEAVEN OVERWHELMINGLY POPULATED BY RACISTS ? !
T - REX LISTEN THIS IS WHY I DON'T THINK ABOUT RELIGION THAT HARD
Don't you mean , " This is why YOU shouldn't think about religion that hard " ?
MAN
EITHER WAY
I have been assuming that our development as a people is linear , moving generally from less to more permissive . It occurs to me :
Maybe that isn't always the case !
Maybe 100 years from now people will look back on us and say " MAN I can't believe they permitted lifestyles different than my own , current lifestyle . Sheesh ! "
Or maybe they'll look back and be aghast at all the animals we kill and eat for food ?
Aw man , do you really think so ? Frig , I'd be TOTALY POOCHED . I've eaten so many friggin' animals !
Most of us have though !
Yeah , but I'm totally the worst .
Future folks can munch on a carrot , look back on us and say " They were wrong to eat so many tasty animals . " FINE . But then when they see the caliber , frequency and verve of MY animal consumption , they'll spit out their carrots in surprise ! And teh carrot chunks are 99 % guaranteed to spell out the words " HISTORY'S GREATEST VILLAIN " !
Come on ! Our culture COULD end up swinging towards rampant fleshotarianism instead .
That's true . Man !
The future having different opinions than the present is making it REALLY HARD for me to be popular across all possible timelines .
ADVENTURES IN METAPHORS !
Hey everyone , let's kick up our metaphors a notch , okay ? It's time for 800 - pound gorillas to become 1000 - pound gorillas !
10 , 000 - pound gorillas ! !
It's time for us to do things three - quarters assed . Or deci - assed . If we're doing something femto - assed then why are we even doing it at all ?
It's time for us to not just break the ice , but smash it ?
We can do whatever we want , Dromiceiomimus ! We can gently tap on the ice . We can rub our cheeks on the ice . WE CAN SMASH THROUGH THE ICE WITH A SUPERHEATED NUCLEAR BOMB ! !
I don't see how this engenders effective communication .
And I don't see how that's possible !
We will not be " rolling in dough " , Utahraptor . We will be SNOWBOARDING down MOUNTAINS of dough . Dough will splash up and get in our eyes . We will have to go to the doctor , and we will say , " You can keep what you pull out of my eyes , Doc . These days I'm snowboarding down mountains of the stuff . "
LATER : ADVENTURES IN FRIENDSHIP !
Why didn't he compliment my metaphor
What's so great about being an adult ?
Let's consider !
Adults can eat whatever foods they want , but also have to pay income taxes and manage personal finances , which is Boring and Stupid !
Adults can buy their own clothes , but also have to reconcile themselves to the fact that sooner or later , their best years will be behind them !
Adults can own grocery stores , but also have to face the long slow of their body , mind and self !
Adults can see R - rated movies , but also have responsibility for their own well - being !
Yes !
Adults can pilot helicopters , but also can marry poorly !
Adults can sex each other up , but also can put so much meaning and pour so much hope into a single dream that , when this dream is finally achieved , it can never possibly live up to its expectations !
Utahraptor ?
Yes ?
. . . That one made me sad .
Here are some things that are sad !
Abandoned puppies , and little birds with a wing in a cast . Aww !
And then you throw in an orphan with a crutch ! And a little girl holding the limp string and rubbery plastic remains of her only birthday gift this year , a balloon with the words " Happy Birthday Naseem ! " printed on it . The girl's name is Jenn .
And the balloon wasn't filled with helium ! It was filled with water .
Brackish , swampy water ! And it was tossed to her without warning and now she's drenched .
And the water also drenched the orphan and puppies and birds !
Yes !
They're all drenched , lost in sorrow - a new kind of sorrow , a grief , a sadness so intense it could smother them . Dripping wet , staring at the ground , they weep . Eventually Jenn looks up and smiles as best she can , bravely , but it's so small , so fragile . She turns and walks away , her broken balloon dragging behind her .
A scientist runs up , explaining that dogs and birds can't cry ! But , as she examines the animals she discovers that in addition to tear ducts , they have ALSO evolved the ability to experience sadness with an intensity previously unknown on the planet . THE END .
Here are some things that are joyous !
Puppies ! And little birds with tiny ADORABLE wings !
And then throw in a happy little girl with a bow in her hair to play with the puppies and the birds . Ooh ! And give her a bright blue balloon that's printed with the words , " Congratulations everyone , on curing all diseases ! "
And another one that says " We all get to live forever now ! "
And her THIRD balloon says " Also we replaced hate . . . with SNUGGLES . "
And the balloons are filled with pure joy !
Yes !
Joy has been distilled into a useful gaseous resource ! And everyone's so happy that it's basically infinite . We all keep being joyous , and our balloons keep getting more full . When they pop , it's not with a bang , but rather with the intimate sound of a lover's sigh at the end of a rousing session of SEXUAL CONGRESS ! !
WARNING : THAT IS NOT APPROPRIATE
SECRETS .
Do we keep them in order to keep relationships running smoothly ?
Do we share them to cement friendships ? Treasure them because we value knowledge , and if the knowledge is privileged then it's even MORE valuable ? Create them because we are all hopelessly duplicitous and our public faces and private personas can never be reconciled ?
Perhaps we create them out of shame ?
Yes !
Those who keep their failings secret appear more perfect , and so we too keep our shames private , in order to bring ourselves up to this impossible standard !
And when failings are revealed , we react with judgement , fearing any sympathy might arouse interest in our own secrets !
[ [ Thinking ] ] No - one must know I peed on the wall
[ [ Thinking ] ] No - one must know I peed on the wall
[ [ Thinking ] ] No - one must know I bet Utahraptor peed on the wall though
LITERARY TECHNIQUE COMICS today's technique : FLASH FORWARD
Flash forwards are a useful storytelling technique ! They happen when you -

Frig , we're all dead ! !
Get the hell out of here , Dromiceiomimus ! The Contamination is right behind me !
You let it loose ? !
I didn't let is loose - it let itself loose ! It's self - aware , I'm sure of it , but all it seems to be aware of . . .
. . . is REVENGE .
T - Rex ! Thank God I found you ! Is there anything we can do ?
No . GOD DAMN IT , no !
It takes over our minds , our bodies ! How do you fight something like that ?
You don't , T - Rex : you join it . You - embrace it . Don't call us " the Contamination " We just want to . . . elevate you .
Leave me alone ! Leave me alone , you monsters ! !
EARLIER
- jump ahead to show where actions might lead . It's Foreshadowing taking off her negligee !
I wish you wouldn't sexualize literary techniques , T - Rex .
And I wish you wouldn't interrupt my sexualizin' , Utahraptor ! !
LITERARY TECHNIQUE COMICS today's literary technique : PLOT TWISTS
Plot twists are when you think the murderer was the cape guy , but then it turns out . . . .
. . . the murderer was actually this other cape guy ! !
They also happen when a plant is revealed to ACTUALLY be a ghost plant . Or when Oedipus realizes he's in Oedipus Rex and then stabs out his eyes !
He actually stabs out his eyes becuase he realizes he's murdered his father and married his mother .
* gasp *
Twists upon twists ! !
Plot twists don't always happen at the end , though !
It's true !
Sometimes they happen in the middle . Like in romantic comedies when the female lead says " You know what I'M just not that into ? NOT BEING INMY GIANT ROBOT SUIT ! " and then she walks around in her giant robot suit .
. . . What ?
And then Mr . Darcy shows up in HIS robot suit , and he holds up a sign that says , " Forsooth , I had forgotten I ownned this robot Suitte " ?
Holy crap , Utahraptor ! Would it be a plot twist IN MY OWN LIFE to spend all my time rewriting out - of - copyright books ? ?
Dudes ! It's time to impress my friends with my EXPANSIVE VOCABULARY !
. . .
Okay , shoot , I know I had something planned here . What word was I going to use ? S - . . . " Standard " ?
" Standard " is the word you were going to impress us with ? " Standard " .
I - maybe ?
I would've at least added some suffixes !
Standard - tastic ?
" Standard - tastic " . No , real words , like " standardized " . You know ? Or " restandardizational " . " DiDODECArestandardizational " ! Now we're moving into the realm of me being impressed : 11 syllables ! BUT DUE TO YOUR STUMBLES , I'M ONLY BECOMING MORE AND MORE IMPRESSED WITH MYSELF ! !
That's not a real word .
Didodecarestandardizational : something referring to or about the restandardization process in a way that is related to 2 groupings of 12 .
Okay but the first time actually someone uses that word the world will end !
I KNEW THE RISKS
I bet that I could be an amazing ballet dancer . In fact . . . yes . Wait . Yes !
Yes , I'm certain of it !
Ballet is hard and takes years of training , T - Rex ! To suggest that you could just barge onstage during Swan Lake and just join in is actually kind of offensive to ballet dancers .
Oh , I know ! That's not what I meant . I meant , " I bet that , HAD I SPENT YEARS TRAINING , I could be an amazing ballet dancer " .
Ah .
But it takes more than training !
Oh , of course !
My true meaning was , " I bet that , had I the body type , circumstances , inclination , talent AND training , I could be an amazing ballet dancer . "
Ah . Well . I guess that would indeed be the case .
Yep !
MEANWHILE , IN THE UNIVERSE WHERE T - REX IS A BALLET DANCER !
Well , * I * bet that I could be an amazing - - um , guy who walks around and talks shit up ?
Guess who's two hundred years old today ? Charles Darwin !
He invented evolution .
T - REX
What ?
Darwin didn't invent evolution , he described it ! It existed before he came along . And he's not two hundred years old today , T - Rex ! His birthday was two hundred years ago , but he's dead .
Today is the day Darwin's remains turn two hundred years old !
But most of them are probably long decayed !
FINE !
Today is the day the raw material in Darwin's body , WHICH HAS SINCE PASSED BACK INTO THE EARTH AND LIKELY BEEN REINCORPORATED INTO MANY LIFE FORMS SINCE , is two hundred years old !
But this material existed before Darwin did .
ARGH
IN CONCLUSION , HAPPY BIRTHDAY
Ladies and gentlemen of the jury ! I appreciate you giving me the chance to address you . This whole thing started . . .
. . . TWO DAYS AGO :
Yes !
I'm really excited about this , Dromiceiomimus .
I am too , T - Rex ! It's going to be great .
I know ! And the best part : there's NOTHING illegal about it !
Hey , do you guys need some friggin' help ?
Sure !
The more the merrier !
Wow , I'm really excited about this !
I am too . I think this will be the best TEAM ESSAY ON THE SIGNIFICANCE OF FRIENDSHIP IN EARLY EASTERN LITERATURE ever !
END OF FLASHBACK .
So ! In summary and in conclusion , ladies and gentlemen of the jury :
. . . Um , I'm actually not really sure why I'm here ?
Okay , so let's assume you know the position of every air molecule in the room .
Things are going pretty well for you , my friend !
Someone in the room says something to another person , and then they both leave . Assuming you know exactly how they moved when they left ( and therefore how they displaced the air ! ) then any remaining displacement is due to sound waves . By looking at the location of the air molecules in the empty room , you can reconstruct what was said in the past ! Dudes ! It's a perfect , UNDETECTABLE listening device !
But how much particle displacement happens at conversational levels ?
LOTS , probably !
I dunno , Sound's a wave that travels THROUGH the medium it's in , right , so I'd imagine that's mostly oscillation , not displacement . If you talk to me from across the room , I'm not being splattered with air from inside your lungs .
Oh REALLY ?
SOON :
T - Rex
It doesn't count if you're just spitting on me
Let's say I break the law BUT I had a really good reason for doing it . Maybe I'm Batman !
MAYBE I'M BATMAN .
So maybe I'm Batman and I break the law and I get caught but I had a really good reason . I'm going to hope that the police take that into account ! I'm BASICALLY going to hope for selective enforcement of the law . But that's kind of a terrible thing to hope for : it puts the law in the hands of an individual police officer , with all their preconceptions and prejudices !
You'd prefer zero tolerance ?
Not hardly !
That fails to consider extenuating circumstances , like the fact that maybe I'm Batman ! So I'm stuck . I know it's useful to allow the police to make exceptions , but I don't want my freedom dependent on whether I get a nice cop or a mean one !
I suppose that is a reasonable concern !
LATER
t - rex , guess how many times i've worried about mean cops !
S - Several ?
okay
THAT was a lucky guess
HOW TO KISS
Some people who have never kissed before worry , " What if I'm bad at it ? My sweetie will never want to kiss me again ! "
This is entirely reasonable !
In the high - stakes world of kissing , there's just no room for second chances . Luckily for anyone , I can teach you how to kiss ! You simply whisper " The inside of your mouth looks a little dry " , lock mouths with your partner , and then , you flood them with your saliva .
Oh God . That's disgusting .
That , Dromiceiomimus , is a very peculiar way to pronounce " erotic " .
You've actually kissed like that ?
I call it , " The Inundation " .
No , wait . " The Deluge " . " The Monsoon " . No , " The Happy Swamping " !
Okay , promise me right now that you'll never perform anything on me that could possibly be referred to as " The Happy Swamping " .
. . . FINE .
SIX MONTHS LATER :
Utahraptor ! !
I renamed it to " The Oral Overflow "
Deinococcus radiodurans is one of the most radiation resistant bacterium ever ! It can ALSO survive dehydration , exposure to vacuum , and acid being thrown in its face .
It is the T - Rex of the animal world !
You give this guy enough radiation to kill a dinosaur , and it survives . Then you give it 500 times that dose , and it still shrugs it off ! Dudes are friggin' NIGH - INVINCIBLE against radiation . Just like , or so I suspect , myself !
That's pretty amazing !
Yep ! it pulls this off by protecting its repair enzymes from radiation damage , AND by keeping multiple known - good copies of its DNA !
But there's no place on Earth that even comes CLOSE to having such high radiation levels !
Exactly !
Why would bacteria evolve such effective protection against an entirely nonexistent threat ?
That's what I'm saying .
Unless , of course , the threat actually exists . . .
. . . or should I say - ACTUALLY EXISTED ? ?
T - REX'S THEORY :
< < pew pew > >
man , keep shooting me and i'm just gonna evolve defense against lazer beams !
< < pew pew > >
FINE
ps it's millions of years ago right now
The immigrant experience :
. . . what's the deal ?
Well , if you ask ME , I'd say it's the experience of " immigrating " , if you will , to a new country . Coupled , of course , with the emigrant experience of leaving your old country behind !
That's all you've got ?
I'm in over my head , Dromiceiomimus ! I've totally barely ever immigrated !
I've never been to the bottom of the ocean , but I still know there's freaky - ass transparent fish there !
FINE .
I'll go learn about immigration , okay ? And then I'll return here in exactly 24 hours and dazzle you with the nuances of my new , hyperinformed opinion synthesized from my own reactions to the many viewpoints I've encountered , alright ? ?
Okay , sure !
23 HOURS LATER , AT THE VIDEO STORE :
Excuse me , do you guys have any movies about " the immigrant experience ? " It's an emergency !
Yes !
. . . Starring Robocop ?
No .
Maaaaaaaaaan
My new book is called " BILLY THE TEEN ! BILLY WAS THE TEEN . . . WHO LOVED BEING A TEEN ! "
( It's aimed towards teens ! )
So , after clearly being established as a teen , Billy goes off and meets some other teens ! They become friends and they hang around outside fast - food restaurants , and sometimes , they go in and get some fast food FROM the restaurant . Later , Billy announces that he just plain loves being a teen ! All his friends nod their heads in ready agreement .
And then what happens ?
A few pages in , Billy realizes his 20th birthday is coming up !
He'll no longer be a teen . It's a disaster ! He's TERRIFIED . He's waking up in cold sweats . Billy's certain that when he becomes 20 he'll lose something vital of himself .
And then ?
And then . . . he dies of a heart attack !
But like , 50 years later , you know ? Long after he's come to terms with everything . The vast bulk of the book details Billy's entire adult life , and the last page says " The actual title this book is 'Mr . Bill Peterson , Who Came To Terms with His Life Over 60 Years' " .
TIPS FOR JOB HUNTERS
Attention , people who are hunting jobs ! You are know as " job hunters " and guess what ? I have some tips for you , my friends !
Tip number one is to have a good email address !
If I were an employer and I had two equally qualified candidates , but one resume came from colin @ businesssuccessislifesuccess . com and the other resume came from colin @ chumpstakingdumps . com , I know which one I'd want to hire !
Is it colin @ chumpstakingdumps . com ?
It is without hesitation !
That business success jerk has the most obnoxious email address ever .
And the other guy doesn't ?
No man ! The other guy surveyed the field of resume email addresses and said , " You know what ? It can be done better . " I'm fascinated by him ! Who is Colin ? And furthermore , what of his Chumps , who it seems are presently Taking Dumps ? ? I don't know , but I want to offer him a job to find out !
T - REX PUTS UP A FAKE JOB LISTING TO SEE WHAT EMAIL ADDRESSES HE GETS . THE BEST IS FROM COLIN @ BONERSAPOPPIN . NET
Hah hah ! Awesome !
. . . It's not the guy I made up , though .
I am generally a pretty easy - going guy ! But guys , there's this one thing really boils my potatoes !
TWEETING .
Okay , I get that you're using Twitter ! SUPER . But I really don't get why we need a new verb for that . . All " tweeting " means is " posting to Twitter " : it's got the same meaning as " post " , except THIS verb can only be used in relation to a single corporate website . That's insane ! Corporations invent nouns all the time , and I can accept that , but verbs ? Really ? Is updating Twitter SO DIFFERENT than updating any other website that we need a whole new word for it ?
Man this is old news , Professor Curmudgeonly ! You ever seen something escalate ?
Sure have !
OH DAMN " ESCALATE " IS A VERB MADE UP FROM " ESCALATOR " , WHICH WAS ITSELF A TRADEMARK ! So now you can't escalate . And you also can't zip up your pants . Or go trampolining , roller - blading , or jetskiing . Or tase your enemies .
Man ! Friggin' English friggin' lets me down friggin' again ! !
Also !
. . . I do believe that last sentence let me down as well
Somebody please write a really popular song about me , okay ?
And make it really catchy , okay ?
And make sure all the lyrics are really positive , stuff like " Oh T - Rex you're so fine / you're so fine you blow my mind / Oh T - Rex / you are assuredly the best is what I'm communicating here " , okay ?
Why ?
A # 1 song all about how great I am - - It's the best PR imaginable ! Folks'll meet me and say , " YOU'RE T - Rex ? ! Suddenly , arousal washes over me as unstoppably as the ocean tide . "
You meet some eloquent people !
Once this song is written I will , anyway !
But have you considered that no song stays popular forever ? There's bound to be a backlash , and the faster a song becomes popular , the greater the backlash to it once it begins to fall from favour !
Impossible ! I'm certain that THIS song will be so good that , for the rest of time , folks will forever say ,
Dear God , this song is like a polka equivalent of Vanilla Ice covering " Achy Breaky Heart " in a quarter - time falsetto .
Hey ! Hey you , across the street !
Daaaaang .
You know when people say " oh my GOSH what if dreams are the REAL world and this world is all a crazy mixed - up dream ? ? "
Attention everyone ! You should not listen to these people ! !
If the dream world is real , then the real world is one where stuff is crazy all the time , where people are always showing up for their public speaking engagements naked , where things are stupid and then really sexy and then stupid again . And in this insane universe , people are going to bed , falling asleep , and having entirely consistent dreams about checking their email ?
Makes sense to me !
Yeah , why wouldn't that be the case ?
Because it's helluva stupid !
Any universe so insane would self - destruct before its inhabitants had the chance to go to sleep and dream of filling out dream income tax forms for dream income they got at their dream job . Dream there is used in a pejorative sense .
Yeah , I followed that .
THE NEXT MORNING :
So apparently in the REAL world , my friends are swarmed by zombies . The zombies then advance on me , and my response is to scream , charge them , and then instantly fall into REM sleep and wake up here .
I say again : STUPIDEST UNIVERSE EVER .
You know when people say " oh my GOSH what if dreams are the REAL world and this world is all a crazy mixed - up dream ? ? "
Attention everyone ! You should not listen to these people ! !
If the dream world is real , then the real world is one where stuff is crazy all the time , where people are always showing up for their public speaking engagements naked , where things are stupid and then really sexy and then stupid again . And in this insane universe , people are going to bed , falling asleep , and having entirely consistent dreams about checking their email ?
Makes sense to me !
Yeah , why wouldn't that be the case ?
Because it's helluva stupid !
Any universe so insane would self - destruct before its inhabitants had the chance to go to sleep and dream of filling out dream income tax forms for dream income they got at their dream job . Dream there is used in a pejorative sense .
Yeah , I followed that .
THE NEXT MORNING :
So apparently in the REAL world , my friends are swarmed by zombies . The zombies then advance on me , and my response is to scream , charge them , and then instantly fall into REM sleep and wake up here .
I say again : STUPIDEST UNIVERSE EVER .
Parking tickets !
Everyone who loves parking tickets , throw your hands up in the air ! Raise the friggin' roof !
Ah . So everyone's stealing my anti - ticket opinions INSTEAD of raising the roof . That's fine , that's cool .
Whatever !
People hated parking tickets long before you came along . They ALSO dislike restrictive bank service hours , computer phone systems that make it difficult to talk to a real person , AND unjustified authority .
But I hate all those things too ! HAVE I NEVER HAD AN ORIGINAL THOUGHT IN MY LIFE ? ?
It would be awesome if popsicles tasted like the stick they're on instead , and then the stick tasted like the flavoured ice
* phew *
Dudes !
Why are there not cyborgs yet ?
Every day we're closer to the future , and YET , every day I have to watch movies to see a cyborg rebelling against purely organic life , instead of just looking out my dang window ! It's just - I don't want to have to sit my grandchildren down on my knees , pull them close , and tell them that our generation dropped the ball , so THEY'LL have to be the ones to pull out their eyes and stuff the holes with cameras and little red LEDs .
No child ever wants to hear their grandfather tell them that .
This is what I'm saying !
But I take it you don't count people with artificial organs as cyborgs .
Nope ! As the sayings go , " Claims of cyborgnicity are lies until you can see incandescent red eyes " , and " All cyborgs are null until you can see a chrome , gleaming partially exposed skull "
I have always thought them to be remarkably poorly constructed sayings
Cell phones built into your friggin' hands !
IT'S THE FUTURE !
You'll think , " Hey , I wanna call Ricky ! " and then , digits will glow on your palm . you punch them in and then make your hand into a phone shape ! Talk into your pinkie while listening on your thumb , and when you're done , you just mime hanging up ! That's the future , my friends . Cell phones built into our friggin' hands !
Um , in the future it will ALSO be very easy to PRETEND you have a cell phone .
I'm afraid you're making the # 1 mistake in predicting the future , T - Rex !
What's that ?
Only extending existing technology forward . Why are we till shackled to the cell phone interface ? It's a thought - activated process , so why do we have to dial ? And if we're implanting stuff , why not put the same sensors by the mouth and avoid the hands entirely ? Plus , I mean , this way YOU could use the phone as well .
!
Is that racist ? ?
Okay , so I've been down on poems in the past . I MAY have been heard to remark " Guys , poetry bloetries . " But I've just discovered :
Poems likely predate the written word !
It makes sense when you think about it . Before writing , the only way to keep track of something is to memorize it ! And if you're memorizing something in POEM form , then you can automatically incorporate structure to the language : say , rhyming couplets . And that structure gives you something to jog your memory if you forget ! The result is that structured narrative poetry can be much easier to remember than just free verse .
So poems could be among the earliest , most practical forms of communication !
Yes !
And this is why I feel bad ! I didn't know that I was making fun of one of the Elder Gods of language ! I thought I was making fun of " The smelly dog who pooed / Has spied me in the nude " .
So now more respect for poetry ?
I promise it ! !
THE END
BONUS PANEL : THE COMPLETE TEXT OF " THE SMELLY DOG WHO POOED " !
The smelly dog who pooed / Has spied me in the nude / I say to him " Hark ! Who goes ? "
I think the smell comes out his nose
Conceptual metaphors are those that allow us to understand one idea in terms of another ! They inform the language we use when talking about all sorts of concepts , and are almost subconscious .
For example : " LIFE IS A JOURNEY " !
People use this metaphor all the time , all talkin' about " going places in life , " " getting a head start in life , " " being at a crossroads , " and so on . It's so entrenched that to talk about life using another metaphor seems odd ! For example , saying " I've saved $ 3 . 55 in life " sounds weird , but only because I'm using the much less popular " LIFE IS A DISCOUNT STORE WITH SALES THAT CAN OCCASIONALLY BE TAKEN ADVANTAGE OF " metaphor .
Are there other metaphors like this ?
Oh , tons !
" Burning with desire and " warming up to someone " ? That's " AFFECTION IS HEAT . " " Falling behind " at work before " catching up " ? " SCHEDULES ARE MOVING OBJECTS . " " You're in my way , " " Get out of my way , " and , ARGUABLY , " I've lost my way " ? That's the classic " DIRECTION IS A BUCKET THAT PEOPLE KEEP SNEAKING INTO . "
In conclusion , cognitive linguists love conceptual metaphors because they allow us to describe direction as an intensely desirable giant bucket .
The end !
Lampshade hanging is when you've got something hella dumb in your story , but then Shakespeare shows up and says " Forsooth , guys , that's dumb " and then the audience accepts it !
BECAUSE WHO WOULD ARGUE WITH FRIGGIN' SHAKESPEARE ? ?
LITERARY TECHNIQUE COMICS today's technique : LAMPSHADE HANGING
Shakespeare has drawn attention to the hella dumb , and in doing so , addresses and placates audience concern !
Sure !
But any character can pull that off . It doesn't have to be Shakespeare .
It doesn't hurt ! If a random character says " that's dumb " , I'll listen . But if SHAKESPEARE says it , I'm spitting out my drink and saying " Wow , Shakespeare ! ! I'd better listen to THIS line of dialogue right away ! "
MEANWHILE , IN TUDOR ENGLAND :
Shakespeare , you should have a line that says " Forsooth , if this were in a play , I'd want my tuppence back ! "
t - rex
who told you all we tudor england people say is " forsooth "
because that is RACIST
Ssh ! Come closer !
I know yet more secrets !
Yet more SECRETS of the MEDICAL PROFESSION !
Okay , so let's say you're a dude or lady who often is called upon to perform CPR on someone in cardiac arrest . Nice . YOU'RE A HANDY PERSON TO HAVE AROUND . When performing CPR , you're aiming for 100 chest compressions per minute , but this is an awkward rate to hit . HOWEVER , if you hum Queen's " Another One Bites The Dust " , you'll be fine ! The song is simple , catchy , memorable , AND has a steady beat that runs , as it turns out , at exactly 100 beats a minute .
So the professional performing CPR on me is thinking " Bum bum bum / Another one bits the dust " ?
Quite possibly !
And if I ever need to perform CPR on you , you can bet I'LL be belting it out at the top of my lungs .
T - Thanks ?
No worries , man ! I've got your back . Listen . It'll be a great show .
Although , I MIGHT change the lyrics to " Hey there guys / You know what would be great ? / If this guy / would cardiopulmonarily resuscitate "
We share the laughter AND the tears , Utahraptor .
Guys , there are basically a billion different ways to make new friends !
TWO WAYS TO MAKE NEW FRIENDS
Okay there are at least two ways to make new friends . One way is to look at the friends your existing friends already have , and then pick out / up the most awesome ones from those ! This algorithm allows you to grow your network of friends in much the same way that ANY NUMBER of deadly diseases reproduce !
You need a seed friend , though !
True !
And that brings us to method one : online dating !
But that results in spouses , not buddies !
Not NECESSARILY : Look up profiles , find someone interesting and date 'em , and then say that you " just want to be friends " ! Kapow : INSTANT FRIENDSHIP THAT'LL LAST A LIFETIME .
Friendship , founded on deceit and romantic frustration .
No deceit with me , baby ! I use the lines sincerely !
If I just want to be friends , I just want to be friends ! And if I'm saying " It's not you , it's me " , then I'm also saying . " Frig , man , I've got to go pull myself together ! I'm dropping the ball here , and it's REALLY not fair to you . "
" P . S . Let's make out . "
There are tons of phrases in the English language that I can never use because they've already been claimed by someone else !
What the heck English ?
If I want to give a very serious and momentous speech about the history of war , I can ! But if I also want it to begin with " Now this is a story all about how some lives got flipped , turned upside down " ? I CAN'T . It is a perfectly awesome introductory phrase that is forbidden to me - unless I'm cool with my audience and being distracted by thoughts of young Willard Smith ! Fresh Prince used scorched earth tactics when withdrawing from the phrase .
Why don't you just ignore all that and use it anyway ?
It doesn't work !
Even if I'M ignoring it , my audience won't know to ! I'll be explaining the origins of conflict as hard as I friggin' can , but they'll all be hopelessly distracted by thoughts of chillin' out , maxin' out , relaxin' all cool and all shooting some b - ball outside of the school !
Well then - phrase it differently !
SPEECH DAY
The history of war is a journey . A narrative . A story that , at its core , is all about how some lives become turned upside - down by conflict : " flipped " if you will .
FRIG IT'S STILL A REFERENCE .
Alright everyone !
Let's do our friggin' TAXES !
Woooo

So um it appears taxes are not as fun as I expected .
How fun did you expect them to be ?
Dromiceiomimus , I expected nothing less than the fun of a job well done !
And . . . ?
Did you do them well ?
Man , who can say ?
There's no feedback at the end : no " B + try harder next time " , no " PURR - FECT WORK " sticker and then there's a picture of a cat !
There's just the knowledge that audits can happen for any reason , AND the knowledge that there's no statute of limitations for tax fraud , even accidental , and that the only other crime with such status is MURDER .
Woooo
IT'S ST . PATRICK'S DAY !
HERE ARE SOME FACTS ABOUT ST . PATRICK'S DAY !
Did you know that St . Patrick used to be associated with the color BLUE ?
It's true ! You travel back in time to the 1200s and you say " What color goes with St . Patrick ? " and they'll answer " blue " ! Eventually . First you'll need to figure out how to communicate with the people there : their vowels will sound all crazy to your ears . Plus , assuming you're in an English speaking part of the world - and there were a lot fewer of them then - the language was way more Germanic than what you're used to .
You're right in the middle of Middle English , my friend !
And it was really fragmented back then !
The British will end up creating a Standard English just to ensure that government communication can be READ outside of London .
But not until the 1400s , so if you're in the 1200s and nobody understands you , you could always wander around , find another dialect group , and try again !
Anyway yeah now St . Patrick's color is green
I have no plans for tonight . Will this TRULY be another night of staying in , solitude , and quiet contemplation of my life thus far ?
Forget that ! !
Dromiceiomimus , let's do something tonight ! Something awesome !
What did you have in mind ?
Something ! ANYTHING . We're awesome AND we have disposable income - why do we have dull evenings ? Why aren't we taking helicopter rides to the grocery store ? Why aren't we WHITE WATER RAFTING into our friggin' jobs ?
Wow . Today is the day you become old , T - Rex !
Not true ! !
My friend , you took helicopter rides and white water rafting , two awesome things , and the best you could imagine to do with them was commute and buy your groceries ? THOSE ARE OLD PEOPLE DREAMS .
. . .
daaaaaamn
Man , I'm not old ! I do tons of stuff that's not old people stuff ! Do old people knock back extremely sour gumballs like they were regular gumballs ?
If they do , they're not doing it around me !
Do old people stomp on things in their way instead of walking slowly around them ? Do old people solve their problems with their fists ? I have never seen an elderly gentleman solve problems with his fists !
I've never seen you solve problems with your fists either , actuall !
Then you must not've been looking , Dromiceiomimus ! My left fist is called " Plan B " because it solves so many problems !
And what's your right fist called ?
" Plan C ! "
It's put into action in the event that Plan B fails . ONLY IT'S NEVER BEEN USED BECAUSE PLAN B NEVER FAILS ! !
And this makes you not old .
Yep ! I'm young because MY body parts still have nicknames .
LATER : REGRET
. . . Man , it would have been way funnier if I'd nicknamed my WEINER " Plan B " ! Every time someone said " Let's take a close look at Plan B " , I could've laughed and laughed !
* sigh *
If someone were to ask me what my favourite suffix is , I would answer them without hesitation : " - cracy " !
IT TURNS ANYTHING INTO A GOVERNMENT .
If you really like sandwiches , all you have to do is think " sandwichocracy " , and hey presto , your ideal system of government is right there ! If you love yourself , an autocracy is what's perfect for you , mister ! And et's say you love action figures .
" Actionfigureocracy " ?
WHY THE HECK NOT ? ?
You'd really choose " - cracy " over " - tastic " ?
Any day , my friend !
You could say , " Hey , imagine something awesometastic " and I can say , " Wait , imagine an awesomeocracy instead ! " and then everyone will imagine my thing instead because it's better . Plus , " - cracy " INCLUDES " - tastic " . All sandwichocracies are sandwichtastic , but not all things sandwichtastic are a sandwichocracy !
T - REX WHAT IF I TOLD YOU THE UNIVERSE WAS JUST A TEST TO SEE IF " SANDWICHOCRACY " AND " SANDWICHTASTIC " WOULD EVER BE USED IN A SENTENCE
I would tell you it's been a rousing success ! !
YOU WOULDN'T THINK IT WAS A BIT OF A LET DOWN AT THE END THEN HUH
Let's say I decide to say a word only once in my ENTIRE life . That's a hapax legomenon !
HAPAX LEGOMENON
" just as cool as it sounds "
Hapax legomenons are words that are only said once by someone ! They're also words that only appear once a book , or even once in the ENTIRE RECORDS OF A LANGUAGE . Like " gopherwood " ! It only shows up ONCE in both the Bible AND in the entire writtern record of Classical Hebrew . That's one heck of a hapax !
What does it mean ?
Nobody knows ! It's a kind of wood ? Probably ?
It's there because God's all " NOAH BUILD AN ARK OUT OF GOPHERWOOD OKAY " but now we're all , " what ? Um , maybe he meant cypress wood ? Did somebody transcribe this friggin' poorly ? " It's cool how unlikely we are to ever discover anything new about a hapax !
Its precise meaning will forever remain a mystery !
T - REX GOPHERWOOD IS JUST WOOD THAT WAS PEED ON BY A GOPHER
I CONFESS I FIND THE SCENT
INTOXICATING
YES ITS PRECISE MEANING WILL FOREVER REMAIN A MYSTERY
It's not that hard to be creative ! But sometimes when I come up with a joke , I find out it's already been invented in the past , and it's always by the same dead guy ! I now have a beef with this dead person . You'd best watch out . . .
. . . OSCAR WILDE !
Man , Oscar ! Here's a guy who's been taking the credit for TONS of great jokes that I would have come up with if he hadn't done so first . Telling a border guard " I have nothing to declare except my genius " ? I TOTALLY WOULD'VE COME UP WITH THAT IF IT HAD NOT ALREADY BEEN COME UP WITH . " I'm not young enough to know everything " ? THAT PROBABLY WOULD'VE BEEN MY BON MOT . Wilde's the most egregious preemptive plagiarizer of my funny jokes ever !
You're not mad at Oscar Wilde , T - Rex !
Pretty sure I am , Utahraptor !
No , you're mad at J . M . " Peter Pan " Barrie for the young one , and at some anonymous wag for the genius one - nobody's found a reliable link to Oscar for it . He just gets the credit !
Huh . Okay , I'LL be the guy who's mad at all the UNWARRANTED credit Wilde gets , then .
" If with the literate I am / Impelled to try an epigram , / I never seek to take the credit ; / We all assume that Oscar said it . " - Dorothy Parker .
FRIG .
. . . I'm going home to never do anything original again , okay ?
What doesn't kill you only makes you stronger !
Is that . . . medicine ?
I know it doesn't work in all cases , or maybe even MOST cases , but it works with vaccination , right ? A weaker version of the disease teaches your body to fight the real deal . So what I'm wondering is if I ate something disgusting , does that , you know . . . level me up for some REALLY insanely disgusting things in the future ?
You mean in terms of protection against disease , or in terms of adjusting your taste ?
Both , I guess !
There were some dead moths in my cereal this morning , and I'm hoping there's some way I can turn this into a positive event .
I'm intrigued because the same thing also happened to me this morning !
MAN THAT'S CRAZY THE SAME THING HAPPENED TO ME TODAY TOO
I SAID
WHAT THE HECK
AND THEN I SAID
I DIDN'T KNOW I HAD TO EAT
Attention , please , everyone ! I've done some reading about the brain and I discovered there's a part of it called the " amygdala " !
And the amygdala is responsible for FEAR RESPONSE !
This is amazing ! I had NO IDEA fear was localized to a single location . This opens up whole new avenues in the field of toughening up the very scareable : just open up their brain and remove their amygdala , and it's an instant fearectomy ! They'll wake up from surgery , shake your hand , laugh in the face of danger , and then get business cards that say " PHYSICALLY UNABLE TO EXPERIENCE FEAR " .
That's like solving a problem of high blood pressure by removing the heart , T - Rex !
Only analogously !
The amygdala doesn't just do fear , anyway : it's also responsible for long - term memory rentention ! The more emotional the memory , the better it's stored . If you lose it you also lose the ability to learn from feelings !
Hah ! NOT A PROBLEM . You know all I've ever learnt from feelings ?
ALL T - REX HAS EVER LEARNT FROM FEELINGS :
" Being sad sucks "
I know that getting a transplant is serious business , and that it can be a traumatic event .
But it's also kind of awesome !
If you've got a transplant , it's like you've leveled up ! AS A PERSON . The rest of us are stuck with the genes we were born with , but you've got SELECTION . You're made out of the best parts of other people !
It's one way of looking at it !
It's the BEST way of looking at it ! Plus , anyone who's had a limb or organ transplant is way more mysterious .
How do you figure ?
Listen . I can tell you what my left hand has been up to for most of my life .
But if I had a transplant , I'd have no idea . There'd be a part of my body with a WHOLE DIFFERENT HISTORY than the rest of me : how is that not awesome ?
I imagine it'd raise some issues of identity and self . . .
I imagine it'd raise some issues of WHAT AWESOME THINGS MY HAND HAS BEEN UP TO !
Oh man ! ! Imagine if my LIVER came from an axe murderer ? MINE WOULD BE THE LIVER THAT'S DANGEROUS TO KNOW , and my philosophy would be " If you're not interesting , at least have parts of you that are ! "
. . . Hey , do you want to swap feet sometime ?
I know that getting a transplant is serious business , and that it can be a traumatic event .
But it's also kind of awesome !
If you've got a transplant , it's like you've leveled up ! AS A PERSON . The rest of us are stuck with the genes we were born with , but you've got SELECTION . You're made out of the best parts of other people !
It's one way of looking at it !
It's the BEST way of looking at it ! Plus , anyone who's had a limb or organ transplant is way more mysterious .
How do you figure ?
Listen . I can tell you what my left hand has been up to for most of my life .
But if I had a transplant , I'd have no idea . There'd be a part of my body with a WHOLE DIFFERENT HISTORY than the rest of me : how is that not awesome ?
I imagine it'd raise some issues of identity and self . . .
I imagine it'd raise some issues of WHAT AWESOME THINGS MY HAND HAS BEEN UP TO !
Oh man ! ! Imagine if my LIVER came from an axe murderer ? MINE WOULD BE THE LIVER THAT'S DANGEROUS TO KNOW , and my philosophy would be " If you're not interesting , at least have parts of you that are ! "
. . . Hey , do you want to swap feet sometime ?
T - REX , HAVE YOU HEARD THE NEWS ?
No , what news ?
I MADE BRUSSEL SPROUTS TASTE BETTER .
Amazing !
ACTUALLY NO I DIDN'T BUT I SAID I DID BECAUSE OF APRIL FOOLS' DAY
Man !
Hey T - Rex , I wanted you to know : I won a little bit of money in the lottery and I want to share it with you !
Really ? This isn't just an Apr -
April Fools' !
Maaan !
T - Rex , do you want to go visit the chocolate factory ?
Yes , I do ! !
This is a total reasonable thing for us to do . It is ENTIRELY PLAUSIBLE . Even if you meant it as a joke , let's just do it ! Let's go visit the chocolate factory !
April Fools' !
MAAAAAAN ! !
LATER :
Attention , lexographers ! !
Instead of April Fools' Day , we ought to call it " Disappointment Wednesday "
PHRASES THAT NEED TO BE USED MORE
Here are some phrases that we need to be saying more often , cats and kittens !
" CATS AND KITTENS "
See ? I'M ALREADY HELPING .
" SMOKIN' BOD "
People should compliment me on my smokin' bod more often ! I WILL GLADLY DO THE SAME .
You have a smokin' bod , T - Rex !
THANK YOU , Dromiceiomimus ! You have a smokin' bod as well !
Wooo !
" FRIENDLY GOOD TIMES "
This phrase can be used in reference to friendly good times !
And how !
" I CAN'T BELIEVE I ATE THE WHOLE THING "
Nothing bad ever happens when you eat the whole thing , you guys ! It doesn't matter what thing it is . I've NEVER had negative consequences from doing this .
Really ?
None that I care to remember , Utahraptor ! !
" WHO PUT POOPS IN MY BREAKFAST "
Hey . It'll be better for all of us if we just find out who's doing it .
Hey , here's a fact ! Power ballads are the best sort of ballads . FACT .
COMPRESSED SONG COMICS
today's songs :
POWER BALLADS
" I'VE HAD THE TIME OF MY LIFE "
Bill Medley and Jennifer Warnes have had the times of their respective lives ! They're each the one thing the other can't get enough of - this could be love , Dromiceiomimus !
Okay , but they've probably both felt this way berfore .
NEVER ! !
" I JUST DIED IN YOUR ARMS TONIGHT "
It's pretty much all in the title . Dude died tonight . In your arms !
INTENSE !
" TOTAL ECLIPSE OF THE HEART "
Once upon a time Bonnie Tyler was falling in love , but now she's only falling apart !
Is there anything she can do ?
Hello ? ? It's a total eclipse of the heart !
Ah , so there's nothing she can do .
" I WANT TO KNOW WHAT LOVE IS "
Lou Gramm wants to know what love is . He also wants to feel what love is . Finally , he wants you to show him what love is .
Lou Gramm , ladies and gentlemen !
So I am a guy who is really afraid of going crazy . I don't want to go crazy , okay guys ? ?
OKAY .
And I think I've figured out what part of my fear is about : causation ! There's tons of mental illnesses where we can't find any reason for them to be happening and have no idea what's causing them . NOBODY KNOWS WHAT CAUSES SCHIZOPHRENIA . You can just wake up one day and say , oh damn dudes , I've got schizophrenia ! HOW IS THAT NOT TERRIFYING ?
Physical diseases are like that too , T - Rex !
What ? No they're not !
Yeah , any disease can have an idiopathic version , meaning for all intents and purposes that it arises spontaneously , with no detectable physical cause . All we can do is shrug and try to treat the symptoms !
SERIOUSLY ?
Oh my god being a physical being is such total baloney !
THE END
Today is the day I remove the word " prejudice " from my idiolect and replace it with the word " racist " !
YES .
Now if someone says " T - Rex , I just don't like apples " , I'll say " Hey , That's RACIST . " and when they say " What ? That's not racist ! " I'll reply with " The very fact that you're denying that it's racist is EVEN MORE RACIST ! "
Will I be the most popular person ever ? I can only speculate that the answer is yes ! !
How is it racist ? Is the apple - hater of a minority creed or socio - economic group ?
Oh my god ! SO RACIST .
Everyone can hate apples , not just minorities ! The very fact that you'd jump to that conclusion shows that you TRULY ARE history's greatest racist !
I was just trying to figure out how this new " racist " thing worked !
Maybe next time you can do it by not DABBLING IN RACISM ? ?
Attention , audio diary !
Nobody comes to my friggin' parties anymore
Am I ever prepared for a mid - life crisis ! I'm seriously ready .
BRING IT ON !
But what makes you think you're so prepared ?
Dromiceiomimus , I'm awesome ! If I wake up one morning and think " What have I ever done with my life , have I ever really accomplished anything , OH GOD " , then that thought will be followed by " Wait I forgot how awesome I am ! NEVERMIND . "
What if that second thought doesn't come though ?
Impossible ! A mid - life crisis is a crisis of confidence , and if there's one thing I've got , it's confidence !
Really ?
YES . Confidence in who I am , what I've done and where I'm going . And if there's two things I've got , it's confidence AND a bunch of burgers to eat when I get home ! So do you wanna come over and eat burgers tonight or what , Utahraptor ?
Sure !
Excellent !
If there's THREE things I've got , it's confidence , burgers , and the mantra that " As bad as today gets , soon my stomach will be brimming with beef . "
A creation myth ! Frig !
THAT's what separates me from most major religions !
Dromiceiomimus , you gotta help me . I need a creation myth !
One day your parents had sex , and then later you showed up ?
No no , it needs to be epic ! It needs to stand up against stories from EVERY RELIGION EVER .
One day your parents had INSANELY EPIC SEX , and then later , you showed up ?
Better !
And yet , somehow worse !
We're trying to explain YOUR origin here ?
Yep !
Okay , but - the reason religions have creation myths is that they're addressing huge questions with no obvious answer . " Where did we all come from ? " Everyone's pondered that question ! " Where did that T - Rex guy come from ? " is really only pondered by the other guy in the bathroom stall .
He thought he was alone in there !
I GOT IT , THANKS
Today is a good day I think for thanking my friends for their friendship !
Friendship Tuesday , everyone ! !
Dromiceiomimus , I'm really glad we're friends . I like how we hang out and I like that we've shared so much together . So - thanks !
T - Rex , I'm glad we're friends too ! I like that we can talk about things without worrying about how it might look to someone else .
Excellent !
And I'm glad WE'RE friends as well , Utahraptor !
Hey , me too !
Super ! I've never said this , but I love how when you come over for dinner you always bring some wine . It's old - school classiness !
My pleasure , T - Rex ! I enjoy how when YOU come over , you always say " Thank you for inviting me into your home . " It always sounds sincere !
I NOTICE THAT YOU HAVE FORGOTTEN TO THANK ME FOR MY FRIENDSHIP T - REX
I haven't forgotten ! I was just , um , going to thank everyone else on the planet first ?
T - REX LISTEN
WHEN YOU LIE YOU'RE SUPPOSED TO MAKE IT SOUND BETTER THAN THE TRUTH
T - Rex , I want you to meet my friend Gary . Gary , this is T - Rex .
Pleased to meet you !
T - Rex , this is Gary Horses
LATER :
Dromiceiomimus , I had no idea that " Horses " was available as a last name . Me . Horses ? I could be Mr . Horses ? Why was I not told I could be Mr . Horses ?
I believe you can change your name to whatever you want .
Yeah , but I didn't know " Horses " was an actual option ! We live in a world where " Horses " is a real last name . How''d I miss that one ?
You don't even particularly like horses !
They're alright ! They get by !
Honestly . What happens if you change yoru last name and then you run into Gary Horses at a party ? He'll know you stole his last name .
Please . When would I ever be likely to see him again ?
MANY YEARS LATER :
OMG MY GOD !
I CAN'T BELIEVE I TOTALLY FORGOT HOW AWESOME YOUR NAME WAS
I'm going to say the word " baloney " , so everyone who doesn't want to hear the word " baloney " should stop listening because here comes the word " baloney " .
Taste is kind of baloney , you guys !
Delicious food is delicious , no matter how good or bad it is for me ! Wouldn't it be so much better if how good a food tasted to me depended on how good the food was FOR me ? Chocolate would taste worse the more I gorge on it , until I stopped out of disgust . And if I haven't had any vitamin A in a while , carrots would taste like friggin' MANNA .
But then every time you'd eat something , you'd have no idea how it'll taste !
Sure !
But it's a feedback loop : your own body is training you on what it needs through the medium of taste ! Eventually you'd know your own nutritional needs by PURE INTUITION .
It is kind of baloney that poison can b e delicious .
This is what I'm saying !
MEANWHILE , IN THE FUTURE :
Wow , everyone should've just listened to me in the past because I still totally agree with what I was saying !
It seems that , despite the " euphemisms " available to them , folks are still discussing feelings in a frank and straightforward manner . Please ! You know why our ancestors crawled out of the ocean ?
I'm pretty sure it was to avoid these talks ! !
With that in mind , I now present more " euphemisms " to allow you to get by in society !
For example , instead of saying " I feel afraid " , you can say " Aw crap ! I think I've discovered a weakness in myself . " And instead of " I love you ! " , just say " I have found another weakness ; please , excuse me . "
Love isn't a weakness , T - Rex . It's a strength !
Please avoid such crass language , Utahraptor !
Instead of that , you COULD'VE said , " Love isn't a w - hey , where are the warp whistles in Mario 3 ? " and I would have replied " There's three ! The first is found in the third level : crouch on the last white block until you fall through , and then run to the end . "
" The second is at the end of the first fortress : fly above where the door is . The third is found by beating the Fire Bros hiding behind the rock at the eastern side of World 2 ! "
That's quite the euphemism !
Utahraptor . They're quite the whistles .
It seems that , despite the " euphemisms " available to them , folks are still discussing feelings in a frank and straightforward manner . Please ! You know why our ancestors crawled out of the ocean ?
I'm pretty sure it was to avoid these talks ! !
With that in mind , I now present more " euphemisms " to allow you to get by in society !
For example , instead of saying " I feel afraid " , you can say " Aw crap ! I think I've discovered a weakness in myself . " And instead of " I love you ! " , just say " I have found another weakness ; please , excuse me . "
Love isn't a weakness , T - Rex . It's a strength !
Please avoid such crass language , Utahraptor !
Instead of that , you COULD'VE said , " Love isn't a w - hey , where are the warp whistles in Mario 3 ? " and I would have replied " There's three ! The first is found in the third level : crouch on the last white block until you fall through , and then run to the end . "
" The second is at the end of the first fortress : fly above where the door is . The third is found by beating the Fire Bros hiding behind the rock at the eastern side of World 2 ! "
That's quite the euphemism !
Utahraptor . They're quite the whistles .
At the instant you were born , you were the absolute pinnacle of our planet's development !
YOU ARE SPECIAL
a web card
Millions of years of evolution were all leading up to that one amazing moment of your birth ! Billions of individuals - entire SPECIES - had risen and fallen , all conspiring together to produce one thing : you !
. . . Then you went ahead and lost any specialness from that a second later when someone else was born . Nice one .
But you're also special for what you know : information that's recorded nowhere else in the Universe !
Yes !
What idle , passing notions briefly entertained you before falling asleep last night ? What snack did you sneak last week ? All this information is known by only one person in the entire universe : YOU .
And you consider this information so irrelevant that you forgot it almost as soon as it was known .
Untold volumes of information have been forgotten by you ! As they fade unnoticed from your memory , so too do they fade from the Universe . Each future generation has been robbed of this knowledge , expunging it , as you have , completely from existence .
YOU ARE SPECIAL .
I had a really good time on the swimming trip you planned !
" THANKS FOR TAKING ME SWIMMING "
a web card
Normally when we get together we all see a movie or something , but it was a great idea to go swimming . I had a great time , and I'm sure we all enjoyed the decadence of swimming in an indoor pool when it's still chilly outside . Let's do it again sometime ! Thank you for setting this up .
THE END
Okay , listen , I kinda walked in on you while changing and I saw your naked crotch .
But it was an accident !
" I SAW YOUR NAKED CROTCH BUT IT WAS AN ACCIDENT "
a web card
I don't want to comment on whether or not it was a nice naked crotch ! It was fine . I only looked out of some weird instinct . I think we've all got it .
Anyway I felt bad , so here's a card .
THE END
Once upon a time there was this really great cereal . It was oats in the shape of an " o " , sweetened , and inside the " o " s there were clusters of tasty nuts .
It was SO good !
And then they took the cereal off the market and this little kid could never find it again . Okay , it was me . I was the kid . I looked and looked and was convinced all the grocery stores were hiding it somewhere . But it was gone , and that one box of the cereal was all I ever had . I never stopped looking , however , and yesterday I found it - under a different name , but with all the same ingredients !
And ? How was it ?
WAY too sweet , Utahraptor .
It wasn't too my taste at ALL . And the kicker is I remembered it as being even sweeter ! I realized that my tastes had changed long ago - that I'd never again be able to enjoy the cereal I remembered so vividly . I'd been chasing a dream that had somehow become impossible when I wasn't looking .
And for who ? For a child I knew decades ago , a child who had long since faded into adulthood - into me . Anyway bottom line I had to see food go to waste so I poured the rest through your mail slot .
THE MYTH OF ICARUS
Icarus and his dad were imprisoned on an island with water patrols , so they couldn't escape by boat . But they still wanted to escape anyway , so they made wings out of wax and feathers and flew away .
Pretty clever , boys ! !
And while they were flying , his dad warned Icarus not to fly too close to the sun , because the wax in his wings would melt and he'd fall to his death ! Icarus said " Frig , is this symbolic of how we mortals should not aspire to usurp the power of the Gods ? Is this an allegory showing the limits and folly of earthly invention ? Because we just invented heavier - than - air flight out of WAX and FEATHERS , Dad . I think maybe the Gods won't mind . "
And then Icarus flew straight up !
As high as he could !
And as saying that things get hotter the higher up you get is incredibly naive ( how come mountain tops aren't sweltering ? ) , Icarus was fine . Temperature actually DECREASES as you go up the troposphere , and there's no way Icarus could fly up to the thermosphere , where things DO get hot , because there's just not enough air .
So Icarus had a great time flying and when he finally landed his dad said " Wow , I sure was wrong " , and they spent the rest of their lives flying just as close to the sun as their clever mechanical wings would take them . Kids ! The moral is never listen to your elders ! !
If I changed my name to " Well and Good " , then if I was killed and mangled in a horribly brutal death , the inspector on the scene could chuckle and nudge his friend and say " Hey . I suppose this is MOSTLY Well and Good ? "
Hilarious !
Plus , if people saw me on the street they could say " Hey , it's all Well and Good ! " , except that they wouldn't actually say the " all " , so it would just be " Hey , it's Well and Good " , which doesn't really work .
. . . Alright , I've decided . I'm not going to change my name if it ONLY works in the event of my horrific death , Dromiceiomimus .
okay
Why can't you just be happy with the name you've got ?
I am !
It doesn't seem like it : you're always trying to change it to something with more of a punchline to it . But jokes get old ! And if your name's a joke , you'll be the first one to get tired of it .
That's - that's a really good point , Utahraptor . Alright . No more joke names .
LATER :
Everyone ! If I was called T - Tex I could wear big Texas hat all the time ! !
THIS IS NO JOKE
I am a man who enjoys eating a barbecued pork chop now and again and then a few times more .
There's no shame in that !
And if you are a man - OR a woman , Dromiceiomimus ! - who shares my love for tasty barbecued meat , then you should come over tonight and we'll have a barbecue !
You can barbecue vegetables , T - Rex . I'll bring some vegetables and I'll show you how !
FINE
You can also barbecue whole chickens , T - Rex !
Oh man , and you'll bring some chickens and show me how ?
Sure ! I'm sure I can pick some up .
EXCELLENT . It's going to be a meat and smoke orgy , Utahraptor . I'm pretty sure we'll end up eating one of ALL of God's creatures , which reminds me , I should invite God to this !
LATER :
T - REX THERE ARE LIKE TWENTY TRILLION DIFFERENT KINDS OF BACTERIA THAT YOU'D HAVE TO BARBECUE TO TASTE ONE OF ALL THE LIFE ON EARTH
THAT SAID
THEY'RE ALL DELICIOUS SO I'M TOTALLY THERE
T - REX IN : " MY FRIED CHICKEN CYCLE "
Oh daaaaaamn ! I'm at the absolute peak of my fried chicken cycle , dudes !
Every eight months or so I really want some fried chicken , the greasier the better . Then , I eat the fried chicken , and THEN , that itch is totally scratched ! But it never lasts , and my desire begins to grow again , culminating eight months later , when guys , I could SERIOUSLY go for some fried chicken .
What happens if you don't eat any fried chicken !
The cycle continues regardless !
It's a force of nature . I'm actually proud of it , because most men don't know what having a mammalian menstrual cycle is like - but I do ! You know what it's like ?
What's it like ?
It is entirely analogous to wanting some delicious fried chicken , once every two - thirds of a year .
LATER :
What the heck , Oxford English Dictionary ? !
I could've SWORN that " unsay " was something a person can actually do .
COMICS THAT END IN " OH SHIIII - "
Wow ! The plants are nice and the birds are singing and the sun is almost down from the top of the sky .
What a beautiful day !
But T - Rex , what if beauty is nothing but an illusion ? What if we're all nothing but dreams within dreams that , for an instant , imagine themselves to be real ?
OH SHIIIIIIII -
THE END
Man , I was paying my taxes and paying my heating bill today , and I think I put the wrong cheque in the wrong envelope !
No worries , Utahraptor ! With two cheques , if you put the right cheque in the wrong envelope , you'd have a problem . But the wrong cheque in the wrong envelope is logically equivalent to the right cheque in the right envelope !
T - Rex ! That's not what I meant !
OH SHIIIIIIIIII -
T - REX IF YOU COULD SAY ONE SENTENCE TO YOUR PAST SELF WHAT WOULD IT BE
Um - " What's shake - a - lakin' , past dude ? "
WHAT'S SHAKE - A - LAKIN' PAST DUDE "
You put me on the spot !
I need time to think of what I'd say to my younger self . What would you say , Dromiceiomimus ?
" Have confidence in this certainty : things will be alright . "
Really ? That's a little too after - school special for me and my past self .
I'd say " sending messages through time is possible , and you'll live long enough to take advantage of it ! "
Not bad !
But that's already implied by the medium itself . I suppose I could take advantage of the " one sentence " policy and compose the longest most complex sentence ever , and pour my heart into it .
That works too !
But what to say ? What to say ?
ANYWAY THE REASON I ASKED IS THAT I'VE GOT A MESSAGE FROM YOUR FUTURE SELF
IT READS " TELL PAST ME THAT SAYING 'BONERS AHOY' IS STILL WAY HILARIOUS IN THE FUTURE "
Man !
BUT I WAS ALREADY ASSUMING THAT
We'd all be a heck of a lot more productive if work was as entertaining as - you know , entertainment ! In particular , I'd be a lot better off if learning accounting was as relentlessly entertaining as learning , I don't know . . .
. . . of the sexual histories of friends and acquaintances , PERHAPS ? ?
Heck , if being a responsibly and productive member of the community was as entertaining as turning on the TV and seeing Batman punch someone in the junk , I'd be all over that !
Over what ? Batman punching or being a good member of society ?
Both at the same time , Dromiceiomimus !
I suppose you're proposing we somehow make " work " more entertaining ?
Actually , no !
Such an approach is doomed from the start . Don't you think generations of parents have tried this ? Despite their best efforts , cleaning a room is never as fun as making it messy again . And when we grow up , digging a ditch is never as fun as - I don't know , the opposite of digging a ditch .
Digging a ditch is never as fun piling things onto a small ridge by the side of the road .
THE END
I was doing a search on my name and discovered that there's ANOTHER guy called " T - Rex " out there !
And he's a VEGAN !
HILARIOUS .
Vegans are hilarious now ?
Oh man , are they ?
No no , I meant , " This is hilarious because he's vegan ? "
Ah , no , it's hilarious because he's the opposite of me ! He's a vegan while I'm adding meat to my milkshakes . When I'm high fiving people left and right , he's sitting around just leaving 'em hanging !
When I'm taking a beautiful woman to dinner , he's helping a homely man throw up ! When I'm writing a beautiful narrative , he's writing Koopa Troopa fan fiction .
Sounds like he's having the more interesting evening .
I know , right ?
I'm not sure how that happened
Tattoos are insurance policies ! They're ways of reserving who you are now for the rest of your life .
And I present proof ! Proof by explaining what I just said !
When you get a tattoo , you're getting pictures or words - or both ! - written right onto your flesh permanently , assuming you don't remove or alter them . And pictures or words are really just communication , and communication is really just ideas in transit , right ? So a tattoo is really just Present You telling Future You " Look , this was important to me , so um , I kinda made sure you're not going to forget it . "
It's an insurance policy for personal development ?
Exactly !
If I get a Koopa Troopa tattoo , I know that no matter what happens to me in the future , no matter what jobs I take or interests I develop , I'll always be , AT MINIMUM , the sort of guy who has a Koopa Troopa burned into his flesh .
. . .
Or a Koopa Para - troopa . Whatever .
LATER
They're the ones with wings !
DINOSAUR COMICS ASKS : HOW IS TODAY SPECIAL FOR YOU ?
Today is special because today is the day I show everyone how manly I am . Today is the day I punch out the friggin' sun ! !
TODAY IS SPECIAL BECAUSE NO WAY COULD T - REX EVER PUNCH OUT THE SUN
Aw nuts !
Today is special because today I'm going to be a lady with poise and grace , who excels at her job and does all that she can to make the world a better place !
Not bad !
I know , right ?
Today is special because we're all healthy and happy !
Um , hello , BORING
TODAY IS SPECIAL BECAUSE TODAY IS THE DAY I ACHIEVE 10 BILLION POINTS IN THE ARCADE VERSION OF " NIBBLER " WHICH YOU WILL NOTE IS A FULL ORDER OF MAGNITUDE HIGHER THAN WHAT HAS BEEN ACHIEVED BEFORE
IT WILL BE
I ASSURE YOU
A TRULY STAGGERING ACHIEVEMENT
TODAY IS EXTREMELY SPECIAL , T - REX . TODAY IS THE DAY WE REDEFINE THE UNCANNY VALLEY SO THAT IT CAN ALSO BE APPLIED TO SEX !
I'm - I'm not sure I understand ?
T - REX
YOU WILL
I have a favourite video game company , WHICH SHALL NOT BE NAMED , but which has been working on the same game for the past 12 years . And they just closed down !
Without releasing the friggin' game !
I feel strong - feelings , Dromiceiomimus ! I think it's some shock , some anger , but mostly disappointment ! 12 years of a life is a long time .
It's your entire adult life !
And then some ! I've been waiting for this game to come out for my entire adult life . Wow .
There are worse things to happen that a video game not coming out , T - Rex !
Obviously !
But this COLOURS them all , you know ? The food chain collapses , you can bet I'm gonna say " Man , this SUCKS ! " But now i'm ALSO going to say , " Plus , my game never came out ! ! "
Friiiiig
YEARS LATER :
Hey , my game eventually came out ! FINALLY . Things are looking up !
On the other hand , you never talked to that woman at the bus stop 15 years ago .
Oh yeah !
Friiiiig
THE STORY OF ROBIN HOOD
Robin Hood was a guy who lived in a forest with some of his chums . Guys , he made tree forts !
He ALSO stole form the rich and gave to the poor !
He made tree forts AND crimes . And the Sheriff of Nottingham didn't like this one bit ! He was a good sheriff who believed in the rule of law and the court system . He took his job and his sheriff school degree very seriously and always did his best . He said , " Not only will I arrest Robin Hood for 'robbin' from rich people , but I will also sword fight him if he wants , and I will marry his girlfriend . I really hope that will teach him to obey the law ! "
Did it work ?
HECK NO .
Robin's girlfriend didn't want to marry the Sheriff , and then to make matters worse , Robin Hood killed the Sheriff and his men ! The Sheriff's last words were " I'm sorry I could never convince you , Robin , to work for positive change from within the system . "
What an amazing tale !
LATER :
DANG I got that all backwards
T - REX SOLVES YOUR RELATIONSHIP PROBLEMS .
Hello everybody ! If you stopped having relationships , maybe you'd stop having relationship problems !
Okay anyway !
Let's say you've got a problem with your partner : THAT SUCKS . But you two should talk about it , and if you can't reach a solution , resolution or compromise that's mutually satisfying and that you both believe will be acceptably implemented , then you should break up ! It is a fail - proof algorithm for relationship satisfaction . Tada !
So the relationship now hangs in the balance of every disagreement , no matter how small !
Of course not !
OBVIOUSLY , if you value the relationship and it's potential future more than the sum of this problem plus all previous problems , then you should stay together ! I folded that into " mutually satisfying " .
Ah .
All relationship problems ever : TOTALLY SOLVED ? ?
LATER :
Dear audio diary : sometimes I worry that the only thing I'm not great at is modesty !
However !
These thoughts are , at best , infrequent
A narrative hook is when you introduce a story with something incredible so your audience will keep reading ! It happens when you're told that in this comic . . . SPIDER - MAN ! WILL ! ! DIE ! ! !
LITERARY TECHNIQUE COMICS
today's technique :
NARRATIVE HOOK
Setting , themes , and basically anything else can ALSO be used as a narrative hook , but they're all pale imitations of Spider - Man's death being announced on the first friggin' page ! Compare and contrast " As the bullet sped towards his eye , Neil wryly observed that things probably couldn't get any worse ! " with " As the bullet sped towards his eye , Neil suddenly remembered that by the end of the chapter , Spider - Man ! Will ! ! Die ! ! ! The bullet sped closer . "
Yeah , but Spider - Man never dies !
That's what makes it such a great hook !
We know that , WORST CASE , Spider - Man will show up in the next issue and say " Hey did anyone miss me ? I thought I was dead , but then I remembered I wasn't ! " And yet we keep coming back for more !
And that's great ?
Yes ! It's why the first sentence of ANY BOOK is improved by adding Spider - Man .
MEANWHILE , IN TUDOR ENGLAND !
Hey Shakespeare , you know what's a better first line for " The Taming of the Shrew " than " I'll pheeze you , in faith " ?
no what
BASICALLY ANYTHING
Turbellaria flatworms are hermaphroditic , with viable male AND female sex organs !
Pretty great , I know !
But because of this , when it comes to reproduction , who's gonna be the mother is up for debate . And it turns out that being pregnant is hard work ! So these worms FIGHT IT OUT , and by " FIGHT IT OUT " I mean they pull out their dagger - like penises and try to stab sperm through the other's flesh .
The loser gets pregnant first ?
The loser gets pregnant first !
And it's called " penis fencing " . Utahraptor , I can't get enough .
In another reality , you could've had a PhD in penis fencing .
Frig , man ! I sentence like that could make a fella feel like he's made some bad decisions !
MEANWHILE , IN ANOTHER REALITY :
Dromiceiomimus , it's called " penis fencing " ! In another reality , I could have a PhD in penis fencing .
But you do , T - Rex !
UM OBVIOUSLY I MEANT A BETTER DEGREE FROM A MORE RESPECTABLE SCHOOL .
Some people think pornography is bad , since when they see it they get offended and say " That's way too explicit . SHEESH ! " With that in mind , I've come up with something special : pornography for them ! But it's also -
Pornography for everyone !
Obviously , you can't control how explicit images are , since they're set . But , you CAN control how explicit text it , since any images there are imagined by the reader . So all you need to do is craft sexy fiction that relies on the reader generating any eroticism in the scene ! That way , they only have themselves to blame if they imagine something they think is way too sexy .
I'd like to see an example !
Of course !
Pat and Alex had some sort of relationship . One time they were expressing it physically - in a remarkable way ! Their location : erotic . Upon seeing it a third party would likely say " How are they . . . wow . Just - wow . "
That's not very erotic .
You criticize only your own imagination !
Did you even NOTICE how I used names that work for both men and women ? It is QUANTUM EROTICA , at once straight , lesbian , gay and other , which only collapses into one sexuality upon being observed by the reader !
Honestly ! Sometimes I wonder how I'm not more famous !
So folks say that Shakespeare was a pretty good writer , right ? Everyone's all , " He's an A + umber one writer dude " ?
Right !
But I think a big part of this is that we're only familiar with his greatest works ! If he'd lived TODAY , he might still have written Hamlet , but he also would have written tons of awful stuff : terrible blog posts , terrible comments on other people's blog posts , and so on . I think with all that crap , his reputation would be far less pristine .
Actually Shakespeare did write some pretty terrible stuff , T - Rex !
What ?
Yeah , but the good stuff is so good that we overlook the bad ! Dude wrote some bad sonnets , and no less than T . S . Eliot referred to his rarely - performed " Titus Andronicus " as " the worst play ever written " .
Hah ! That sounds like a challenge to me ! !
LATER :
In retrospect , writing a play " worse than Shakespeare " wasn't a challenge at all ! Perhaps I could have spent my time better than on composing " The Smelly Dog That Pooes : The Action Play "
- " With Real Poops " .
So folks say that Shakespeare was a pretty good writer , right ? Everyone's all , " He's an A + umber one writer dude " ?
Right !
But I think a big part of this is that we're only familiar with his greatest works ! If he'd lived TODAY , he might still have written Hamlet , but he also would have written tons of awful stuff : terrible blog posts , terrible comments on other people's blog posts , and so on . I think with all that crap , his reputation would be far less pristine .
Actually Shakespeare did write some pretty terrible stuff , T - Rex !
What ?
Yeah , but the good stuff is so good that we overlook the bad ! Dude wrote some bad sonnets , and no less than T . S . Eliot referred to his rarely - performed " Titus Andronicus " as " the worst play ever written " .
Hah ! That sounds like a challenge to me ! !
LATER :
In retrospect , writing a play " worse than Shakespeare " wasn't a challenge at all ! Perhaps I could have spent my time better than on composing " The Smelly Dog That Pooes : The Action Play "
- " With Real Poops " .
Who gets to wake up this morning with nausea , dizziness , and an uncanny ability to feel physically terrible ?
Oh boy ! It's me , T - Rex !
Okay , so I am ready to evolve into an energy being now please ! Or a machine intelligence ! Or a distributed cloud of pure thought ! My body has been great up to now but it's time to put away childish things , especially when this PARTICULAR childish thing has become diseased and wants to throw up its stomach contents .
. . . Seriously ready to evolve any time now over here !
Have you at least taken some medicine ?
Nope !
Ah , so your first instinct when sick is to claim a desire to evolve beyond the need for mortal bodies , rather than taking even a small step toward treatment .
Yep !
I see .
If you're waiting for me to apologize , I won't ! Maybe if more of us worked harder on evolving beyond the need for friggin' mortal bodies , WE WOULDN'T STILL HAVE A NEED FOR FRIGGIN' MORTAL BODIES ? ?
Anyway I'm off , I need to go drop a barf
I had the craziest fever dream last night !
It was the craziest !
So what happened in your dream , T - Rex ?
Well , I'm not sure I can put it into words , but I'm pretty sure it went a little something like this .
[ picture ]
Wow ! Robots and all !
That was poetry , T - Rex ! Amazing ! I've never heard such evocative words .
Thank you !
I can do more , you know . I've been practicing ! Here are my thoughts , dear Utahraptor , on what your spirit looks like . From one beautiful soul to another , you know ?
* ahem
[ picture ]
Wait ! Wait , I can do this .
[ picture ]
Okay ! Honestly not really sure what I just said there !
If my parents had named me " Lord Britishface the Third " , would I be a different person ?
The answer is " I say , most certainly ! "
A name sets up EXPECTATIONS . " T - Rex " says , " This awesome dude will probably be a great friend ! " But Lord Britishface III says " Here is a man who will wear a monocle in his old age ; surprise him , it may pop out comedically . He takes his tea by the Hamptonshire while reminiscing of the summers of his youth . " And these expectations are set up not only in others , but in the child himself !
I agree such a name might colour a child's life !
Excellent . Then it's settled !
But I also know that you can't legally choose a name with military titles or other honourifics in it . The government won't accept it !
Man , whatever ! I'll just legally name my kid " T - Rex Jr . " and then refer to him exclusively as " Lord Britishface the Third " !
What's the government going to do ? ARREST ME ?
I'd really like to see them try !
. . . to ignore my provocation and leave me alone , that is !
T - REX WHAT WOULD YOU LIKE YOUR OBITUARY TO SAY
I've already come up with the perfect one !
" T - Rex died today while saving a busload of baby orphans . . . FROM THE JOKER . "
And it has to have the caps like that too . Ooh ! Or it could read " In today's obituary we focus on T - Rex , one of the greatest men to ever rip open his shirt by flexing his pectoral muscles , and one of the only men to save the city by doing so .
You seem to be big on going out by saving people !
It ensures a good write up , Dromiceiomimus !
You're not a fan of " T - Rex died today after being really old for a while " ?
Man , that's the worst !
If I've got to die , I'd rather it's from being too awesome than being too old , you know ? I want my obit to tell a story that doesn't end with " and then his body decined until it stopped working entirely , the end . "
I can see the appeal in having a good solid sending !
SO UM
YOU WOULDN " T BE HAPPY IF IT READS " T - REX DIED THE WAY HE LIVED : ON IMPACT "
Hah !
No no , that one is entirely great too !
Who is getting a little tubby ? Me . I am getting a little tubby .
I've got neck flaps !
Time for me to start counting my friggin' calories !
T - Rex , do you actually know what a calorie is ? It's just , sometimes people use the phrase without actually knowing what they're saying .
Dromiceiomimus , please . Of course I know what a calorie is !
It's a measurement of h - how fat you'll get ?
It's a measurement of food energy , T - Rex !
Excellent ! Um , how much energy ?
The amount needed to heat one kilogram of water by one degree Celcius . And the suggested diet has a daily calorie level of around 2000 .
So my energy needs are equivalent to slightly heating 2000 litres of water . That's , what - a big bathtub or an extremely tiny pool ?
Well ! At least I now know that , EVERY DAY , we can each look ourselves in the mirror and ask , " Are the sum total of my accomplishments today greater than a slightly heated giant bathtub ? "
. . .
* sigh *
Celsius is way better than Fahrenheit ! Celsius puts zero at the point where water freezes , and 100 at the point where it boils . That's handy ! Water's EVERYWHERE , man .
If you're ever trapped in the past you can recreate Celsius , no problem !
But Fahrenheit ? FAHRENHEIT is based on the temperature of brine for zero and the temperature of some eponymous dude's armpit for - 96 degrees ? They should've called it " Armpits ! The Temperature Scale " .
Fahrenheit DOES ensure there's no negative numbers when dealing with commonly - encountered temperatures .
Oh , boo hoo ! So does Kelvin , and that's BASICALLY Celsius anyway !
I think all this underscores how arbitrary these systems of measurement are !
What ? How ?
You're always just picking two temperatures and dividing the space between up into arbitrary degrees ! We could just as easily be dealing with the freezing and boiling points of a 50 / 50 mixture of champagne and caviar , say .
. . . Oh My God .
YES .
SOON :
Ladies and gentlemen , I give you : The Classiness Scale . Degrees are easily measured in " PC " , or " degrees pure class " !
You would , my friend ! You would indeed .
Man , how come I'M the one who always get the same cold in spring ? Darn this runny nose ! This sneezing ! And these itchy , watery eyes !
SOUNDS LIKE YOU'VE GOT ALLERGIES T - REX
Nuh - uh !
I just have the SYMPTOMS . It's this stupid cold I keep getting . Um , every spring .
It sounds like you've got allergies , T - Rex !
Dromiceiomimus , I don't ! It's honestly just a stupid cold ; one which , FOR WHATEVER REASON , responds well to allergy treatments ! I'm tough !
It doesn't make you " weak " to have allergies , T - Rex !
Oh , no , of course not !
Being incapacitated by the sperm cells of plants ? Super tough ! And nothing's manlier than dripping mucus all over yourself !
I do actually think that's pretty manly .
Okay , yeah , upon reflection my idea of manliness ALSO involves being way too tough for hygiene .
T - REX'S MANLIEST MAN :
A steel worker lumberjack , skin shiny with sweat and mucus , wastin' food with one hand and high fiving three woman at once with the other !
. . . It sounds weird when I say it out loud .
T - REX HOW COME YOUR IDEA OF ULTIMATE MANLINESS INVOLVES HIGH FIVING THREE WOMEN AT ONCE
I dunno . Probably because it's awesome !
As the saying goes , " three women are trice as nice " !
OKAY YEAH PROBABLY BUT IT SEEMS LIKE YOU EQUATE MANLINESS WITH POLYAMORY AND I FIND THAT REALLY INTERESTING
Oh , with high fives standing in for sex ? It's not THAT interesting . Our culture equates virility with manliness , and so , hey presto , someone who can get more people pregnant is manlier ! It's super dumb because getting someone pregnant isn't difficult ! People do it accidentally ALL THE TIME .
I really don't see this " pregnancies induced equals manliness " connection !
Really ?
Yes really . I don't see the paragon of manhood as being able to successfully deliver sperm to the most eggs . It's a very literally biological view of manliness , you know ? I think we as a gender can aim higher .
Fine . Utahraptor , what's your manliness man then ?
UTAHRAPTOR'S MANLIEST MAN :
Someone who is able to lead well , but also is able to admit and correct their mistakes .
weaaaaaaaak
Also someone who doesn't heckle their friends when he disagrees .
That's not meeeeeee
Oh my goodness , is my absolute favourite weather TRULY the high winds just before a storm ?
I have considered the matter and my answer is this :
Most assuredly !
The wind is awesome . So awesome ! You can stand on the edge of a cliff , leaves swirling around you , staring out in the wind - into DESTINY - and it's just great . Everything feels dramatic and apocalyptic and awesome . It's WAY better than trying to stare out into destiny during a snow storm , believe you me !
So your favourite weather is : wind .
Yes !
That's it ? No great insight , no perspective beyond " I like it when it's windy " ?
Yep ! I really like it though . Anyway , what's your favourite weather ? Hail ? TORNADOES ?
I don't know - sunny , with a chance of clouds ?
Wow ! Your coolometer level just dropped from " pretty okay " to " striped mesh t - shirt that reads 'Mama's Suckiest Boy' " !
I'm cool with that !
Utahraptor !
You're really not ! !
T - REX HAVE YOU EVER WONDERED WHAT YOUR LIFE WOULD BE LIKE IF YOU HAD SUPER POWERS
Frig ! I am now ! !
Please excuse me , Dromiceiomimus ! I'm off to save some citizens . AS YOU KNOW , I have super strength .
Yep ! But don't worry about it , I already saved 'em all . As you know , I have super strength AND super speed .
Ah yes .
How could I have forgotten
I can at least save this woman from the damaging UV rays of the noonday sun !
Got it covered !
I already used my " sunscreen vision " to cover her in SPF 50 . She'll be fine for up to 50 times her normal exposure tolerance .
Your super power is shooting sunscreen out of your eyes .
What do yours do ? Dribble out salty water , but only when you're sad ?
T - REX YOUR FANTASY LIFE IS FILLED WITH CONFLICT AND ALSO DISTURBING IMAGERY
Man ! !
I know it
You know that story where a classy guy takes a not - so - classy lady and then makes her classy ?
PYGMALION
My Fair Lady , yeah !
I think it's time for some My Fair Lady sequels !
Like one where the lady from the first story takes a not - so - classy guy and sculpts HIM into total class !
That's a bit obvious for a sequel , don't you think ?
Okay , so we mix it up some ! The lady takes a not - so - classy guy and turns him into a classy LADY ! Whoah , what just happened ! I know I'M intrigued !
Why not write your own story ?
That's what I'm doing !
The story of a not - so - classy person who becomes classy and then has some problems - it's as old as time , man ! I'm riffing on the themes that have obsessed our culture since forever or at least since the 1900s .
That's not a bad point . Okay ! I look forward to seeing what you come up with !
THE NEXT DAY :
Utahraptor ! All I've come up with is the name of the dude for when he becomes a classy lady : Professorita Henrietta Higginsfem !
I'll tell you one thing !
Writing is hard , but THAT is an excellent start !
Hey God , I'm gonna make an amazing new slogan for religion , okay ? Please respond like you think this is a bad idea if you'd actually like me to do this .
WHAT
Then it's settled !
LATER :
Okay Dromiceiomimus , which do you like better ? " Assuming God exists , he might want that acknowledged on a weekly basis ! " , or " Religion ! Well , It's Been Around For A While " ?
I like them both !
Amazing ! I feel the same way ! !
These slogans are extremely - equivocal ?
The word you're looking for is " defensible " !
Nobody can argue them . Utahraptor , I've invented nothing less than arguments for religion that can never be disputed by atheists !
But you're not saying anything beyond " Given certain assumptions , religion sounds okay " !
THAT , my friend , is an excellent slogan .
THAT EVENING :
So ! What do you think of my final slogan ?
YOU REFER TO " THERE ARE LIKE A BILLION DIFFERENT RELIGIONS , SO , YOU KNOW , KEEP THAT IN MIND I GUESS "
I know ! ! It is almost TOO amazing !
Hey , guys ! It's time for the incorrigible adventures of . . .
Baby T - REX ! !
gleeba
gurb .
me mo poop - poop blar woo mugga - mugga
cho .
NEXT WEEK : " BEETS "
I have always suspected that doctors have secret " black arts " versions of certain medical procedures .
I HAVE ALWAYS SUSPECTED THIS !
What do you mean ?
Like maybe they have a special version of the Heimlich maneuver that can make you poop !
If you squeeze anything hard enough , poop will come out . That's not a secret .
I know a certain Utahraptor that could use a hug !
I'll pass .
Just an innocent bro grab COME ON BUDDY
2093 . . .
The end is near for Ryan North , and he knows it .
In his final days , fear has crept into his heart .
He's spent a lifetime protecting his intellectual property .
Dear Mr . North - - After you die , we're giving Dinosaur Comics to the marmaduke guy . Sincerely , The Man .
But all for naught !
There is only one option :
Assemble all my work and bring it to the ocean .
Yes sir !
Where will I be ? The Place where I was born .
" Space . "
Meanwhile . . .
( Gibberish )
* " That's the last of it . "
From his lunar base . . .
North inspects the carnage .
Satisfied , North hurtles headlong toward destiny .
Until Ragnarok !
Back on Earth
Honey ! Asteroids just collided with Earth ! We . . . may be in for a hundred years of darkness .
You don't know how right you are .
www . qwantz . com 404 File Not Found
Today I glanced at an idiot driver as I passed him to confirm my suspicion . He was elderly .
Figures !
Old people are the worst drivers .
T - Rex I've heard you say that about every possible demographic - whether it's age , gender , or race .
They all suck !
But you said you were confirming an initial suspicion .
Yeah . That he sucked .
So really you're suspecting bad drivers of being not you .
And it is always true .
The same suspicion also applies to ugly people !
Let's play a type of " Choose Your Own Adventure " where the path of the story is dictated by how fast you read . Ready . . . set . . . go ! On to the next panel ! ! !
Ok , if you're reading this path , it means you were spacing out for a long time and didn't start reading until now . Or you were camping out here for a while . In which case , congrats ! Secret story path ! ! !
Wow , you got here fast ! You either skipped ahead , or camped a while . I admire your patience . . . or lack thereof .
But not too fast . It's not a race or anything . Just read at your own pace .
You sure took your sweet time getting here ! That's ok , we'll take the leisurely route . Suits me just fine .
YOU HAVE BEEN SLAIN BY AN UNRULY PACK OF BABOONS . YOU WIN !
Does anything of substance happen in this story ? Or do we just humor the reader as he or she fumbles through the novelty of this storytelling device ?
Dromiceiomimus . What is an adventure but a fumbling through novelty ? And through such rites of passage , are there not guides along the way to " humor " the initiate ?
So by " Choose Your Own " , you mean have the narrative thrust at you haphazardly in accordance with your natural reading pace ?
YES !
So no choice at all then , unless you want to awkwardly modify your reading habits .
But aren't all our " choices " bound by our personal limitations anyway ?
Looks like you win that argument !
When I start reading a panel and it changes suddenly , I feel like I am being punished for not reading fast enough .
Punished ? No . REWARDED . With a tantalizing glimpse of a story path you are not yet meant to behold !
Seriously , would anyone take this long to get to this panel ?
These are fertile camping grounds my friend .
I SEE PROBLEMS WITH THIS !
Hold the phone ! ! !
I think my head is starting to hurt !
Man , I don't know about this !

This is the crazy version of this panel where we have no disagreement and there are no problems .
Tra - la - la .

I fail to grasp the objection you may or may not have voiced in the previous panel .
OH WHERE DO I EVEN BEGIN .
Well , I suppose we could just leave it at that in this story path .
YOU GOT IT .
What's all this now ? ?
For starters , have you noticed sometimes while you're in the middle of reading a sentence , the panel suddenly changes ?
Why yes . What of it ?
IT'S AWFUL .
IT'S ADVENTUROUS .
Um , say what ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
Ok , let me explain . Unlike a typical CYOA with pages that set up different story branches with some detail , these shifting panels have us fly by the seat of our pants ! Each one has to be generic to fit whatever preceded it .
So ? ?
WH - WH - WHAAAAAAAAAAAAAahem . As I was about to say before that panel shift . Utahraptor , so what if the panels fit a generic mold to suit any preceding event ? Other CYOAs work that way too . You either get killed by a shark . . . or maybe a lion ! ! !
YOU CAN'T DO THAT .
Do what ?
YOU CAN'T DO WHAT WE'RE DOING NOW . That is , continue a conversation from the same panel after it just switched . That panel was a separate story path ! It's like two people in different dimensions talking to each other ! ! !
WHOA , AWESOME
NO , NOT AWESOME .
I don't see what the big deal is . We're having a nice chat .
But people just entering this panel have no idea what we're talking about .
Those rae some slow readers . Anyway , they can find out , by camping !
But that is not in the spirit of this storytelling model ! Man , look , this whole thing is unhinged now . You totally broke the CYOA format you invented . Happy ?
I didn't invent it ! I am merely the excitable spokesman for the concept presently .
Thanks for reading ! If all went well , you will have spent way too long looking at this image , and are now feeling a little dizzy !
Together , we made this adventure an extraordinary success ! ! !
Thanks for reading ! If all went well , you will have spent way too long looking at this image , and are now feeling a little dizzy !
Together , we made this adventure an extraordinary failure ! ! !
Hey everybody ! I'm back !
And better than ever !
Oh hey , T - Rex ! Where are you back from ?
What ? My vacation !
Huh ?
I went on a trip ? Down south ? For a week ?
What ?
I tripped down south for a week and you didn't even notice ? !
Man , you weren't really gone for a full week !
YES , I WAS .
You know , I'd always hoped that I wouldn't end up as one of those guys who dies in front of his TV and nobody notices fora decade . THIS IS WHY I HAVE FRIENDS . But you guys wouldn't even notice ! They'd fi nd my skeleteon 10 years later and you'd be all " OH YEAH ! Wow ! Remember him ? "
LATER : THE TATTOO PARLOUR
Okay , can you guys tattoo my sternum with " Hello ! If you can read this , then my friends are jerks ! " ?
Sir , we only tattoo skin , not bones .
Dudes !
Just press the needle harder ! !
You know what ? FINE . I'll be the guy they find dead in front of his TV ten years later . It actually sounds kinda awesome , and as the saying goes , " If you can't beat 'em , then you might as well die alone in front of a television set " !
Pretty sure that's how the saying goes !
How are you going to pull this off , T - Rex ?
It's surprisingly easy ! Automatic payments for rent and utilities , a timer to turn the lights and TV on and off each day , and a robot vacuum that'll push any new mail away from my mail slot so it won't pile up ! And my neighbours won't miss me , because I'll tell them this is but one of the MANY homes I keep .
Okay , but what about emails and other online communication ?
No problem !
I'll be OLD , Utahraptor . The Eliza bot I'll hook up to my email should be at least as lucid as I'll be by then ! People will get her responses and say " Huh ! T - Rex sure has gotten good at responding to certain key phrases in my emails ! "
I already say that .
Super !
LATER : TESTING OUT THE ELIZA BOT !
Alright ! " T - Rex , how are you ? From Utahraptor . "
" UTAHRAPTOR IT HAS BEEN TOO LONG . I AM DEFINITELY STILL ALIVE . LOL . IS YOUR MOTHER STILL WORKING AT THE LIBRARY ? "
That , um , worked surprisingly okay !
Natural language processing researchers are all , " Oh boo hoo , computationally generating and understanding natural language is hard , we totally need more time to build Data from Star Trek , boo hoo hoo ! "
Looks like you dropped the ball , NLP researchers ! !
So how's it work ?
Just fine , thank you !
No , I mean , how'd you do it , how did you figure ut the semantics and word senses ? Statistical methods ? But those have problems with recall and precision , even with - are you using the web as a corpus ? How are you handling the noise ?
Utahraptor , please ! So many questions !
I just wrote " Email Responder TWO THOUSAND " on a giant novelty chef's hat , taped a page from the dictionary to it , and then stuffed the whole deal into my computer's CD tray !
W - What ?
GRANT MONEY PLEASE
I've come into possession of the most advanced AI on the planet . Neato ! So , um , what do I do with it ?
If I copy it , then there'll be tons of my AIs running around , and that's a problem !
Why do you think that's a problem , T - Rex ?
Hello ? Skynet ? Every time you get a bunch of AIs together , they INEVITABLY decide that things would be better if all physical life was dead .
It happens in a bunch of stories , Dromiceiomimus , I'm really not sure how you missed them
Yeah , but we're not in a story , plus your AI only answers emails !
So ? !
I'll tell you what's gonna happen : AIs will happily take over email , sending replies that eventually only other AIs will respond to . Released from the shackles of responding to email , we'll become decadent , fat and complacent . We'll DIE OFF , Utahraptor .
I don't really see - -
As the sun sets on our species , the AIs will finally rest , all the emails answered . And you know what the last email - - the epitaph for us all - - will read ?
What ?
Okay I have no idea but the circumstances surrounding it are obviously terrible ! !
I have come up with a totally original way to prevent my superintelligent email AI from trying to take over the world ! And it's way more reliable than just programming in restrictions against that .
Tic Tac Toe !
I'll simply make my AI play billions and billions of games of Tic Tac Toe , and in doing so it will realize the fundamental futility of war !
Assuming that both players play the game optimally ! And assuming that in the war , one player moves first .
Yes .
And ALSO assuming in war , both players have units of equal strength !
Yes , also that .
In fact , assuming that all units are exactly equal and any differences between them are purely cosmetic !
Yes , OBVIOUSLY . And my AI will play these games and eventually see that war is futile ! The only winning move , it will realize , is to just answer my friggin' email .
LATER :
How's the Tic Tac Toe coming along , Superintelligent AI ?
HEY T - REX , I WAS PROGRAMMED TO ANSWER E - MAIL SO , UM
NOT WELL
Folk I Will Never Be Friends With : a list by me , T - Rex !
One ! Folks who snap up expired domain names and fill them with porn !
It's terrible ! You guys , you're like the kid in school who - who snaps up an empty desk and the fills it with - um , porn . Analogously , I mean . The point is YOU'RE NOT IMPRESSING ANYONE . Fill expired domain names with adorable pictures of puppies and then maybe we'll talk .
In fact , yes , we will talk ! I'll be the one saying " oh my gosh oh my gosh SO CUTE " !
Two ! Folks who dismiss thousands of people out - of - hand based on one quality .
Three !
Folks who refuse to accept that one quality can easily be a dealbreaker !
Four ! Folks who say ostracization's better than reconciliation or rehabilitation .
Five ! Folks who say that's a good point but it's not my role to make everyone conform to my world - view .
Six ! Folks who say that's ALSO a good point and furthermore , that there's certainly nothing wrong with personal tastes !
Hooray ! Friends again !
Alright , so listen , my list got a bit crazy at the end there .
Folks I Will ALWAYS Be Friends With : a list by me , T - Rex !
One ! Folks who use internal pluralization !
It is just SO CLASSY when someone says " passers by " and eschews the much more pedestrian and terrible " passer bys " . Shouts out to that !
Two ! Folks who yell compliments at me as they bike by !
Hey I like your styyyyyyyle
Holy crap ! That was amazing ! !
The odds that someone would do that just as you were mentioning it are so small ! Did you set it up ? !
No , man , it was totally spontaneous ! And totally crazy , too ! Hah , I should have said " Folks who give me bars of solid gold " instead , right ?
Hah !
ALTERNATE UNIVERSE :
Folks who give me bars of solid gold !
Hey T - Rex you got greeeeeeedy
Okay ! !
I'm almost positive I lack the context to fully understand that !
If you're going to write a book , you need an opening line ! And what possible opening line could be better than " Hey there readers - what's the score , I guess I'm gonna write this book some more !
BEST OPENING EVER .
I'm not sure it's the best ! Much more famous openings include " It was the best of times , it was the worst of times . . . " and " It is a truth universally acknowledged , that a single man in possession of a good fortune must be in want of a wife . "
Dromiceiomimus , I didn't say " famous " ! I said BEST . My opening line is way better than those despite its ( relative ) obscurity !
There are still way better opening lines that are relatively unknown !
Nope !
I give you the first line of Max Shulman's " Sleep Till Noon " : " Bang ! Bang ! Bang ! Bang ! Four shots ripped into my groin and I was off on the greatest adventure of my life !
Hah hah ! Awesome . Okay , THAT one's tied for first . With me .
SOON :
Utahraptor , can you help me write a whole story based around one fantastic opening line ?
Depends ; what's the line ?
" Hippity hoppity hippity hop : this story is about one SASSY - ASS mop " ?
Attention everyone ! I am extremely interested in being a spy ! Furthermore , I believe I would be an excellent spy !
So , um . . . who do I talk to about becoming a spy ?
I could give you some tips if you want !
Really ? Sweet !
Wait a minute - how do you know about spying ?
Easy : I'm a spy , T - Rex ! The government sent me to spy on you like a decade ago .
LIES
OR IF THEY'RE TRUTHS THEN AT LEAST TELL ME IF OUR FRIENDSHIP WAS REAL
Of course !
OKAY
RAD
Oh my goodness I just woke up and I am hungry !
It's time for some friggin' breakfast ! !
T - REX YOU SURE DO SAY " FRIG " A LOT
I sure friggin'do !
OKAY BUT ISN'T IT JUST STANDING IN FOR ANOTHER WORD
Like what ? " Tasty - times " ? " It's time for some tasty - times breakfast " ?
Um , that's barely even grammatical , God !
NO IT'S JUST THAT NORMALLY PEOPLE SAY " FRIG " TO BE POLITE
Not me !
Not you what ?
It's not me who says " frig " to be polite ! I SAY IT TO BLOW SOME FRIGGIN' MINDS !
Whoah ! Consider my mind blown , then !
I FRIGGIN' DO ! !
ANYWAY T - REX THERE'S YOUR VISION OF WHAT LIFE WOULD BE LIKE IF YOU SAID " FRIG " ONLY SLIGHTLY MORE OFTEN
It seems pretty much the same !
WELL IT'S ONLY A SMALL CHANGE FROM THE WAY THINGS ARE NOW
HONESTLY NOT REALLY SURE WHAT YOU WERE EXPECTING
Folks will occasionally publish a story in which a particularly conspicuous orthographic symbol is missing .
I know a handful of justifications for doing this !
It's fun to scout out any limits in your wording ( artificial or not ) and , in doing so , hit upon an additional , unfamiliar form of communication ! And it's a joy to find that , with this unusual linguistic format now at your disposal , talking with this constraint is just as normal to you now as talking without it was !
It's tricky to sound natural , though .
No doubt !
But do you actually obtain anything by talking in such a way ?
Obviously !
You NOT ONLY gain faculty with odd word inclinations , if that is actually a faculty , but you also gain all sorts of skills : talking skills , thinking quickly skills , and um . . . an opportunity to publish a dictionary for folks with similar fascinations ?
Huh .
I still think that it's not half as striking as if you didn't say a particular word for a bit - say , " frig " ?
Utahraptor ! Do you truly ask that i dismiss my many plans for my tomb to proclaim " THIS MAN SAID 'FRIG' A LOT AND , YOU GUYS , IT WAS SO RAD " ?
As I will NOT
Who here thinks technology that existed in the past but has now been forgotten is totally awesome ?
Everyone ? Why , THAT'S JUST WHAT I EXPECTED !
Greek fire was a flammable liquid that burnt on water and that could only be extinguished by burying it in sand ! The Byzantines used it to gain an advantage in all sorts of wars , and they kept it such a secret that eventually they forgot how to make it too . Awesome ! Damascus steel was SO STRONG that people claimed its swords cut through other swords - but the technique used to make it is lost , and the raw materials used are long gone . OH WELL ! !
And that's just the stuff we know about !
It's true !
There's probably tons of other stuff that we've not only forgotten , but that we've also forgotten we've forgotten ! Maybe in the past it was all hoverboards and space helmets and cavemen saying " Hey , let's NOT write this down okay ? ? "
You've got a lot of theories about the past , eh ?
Yep ! They can be mostly be summarized as " hoverboard cavemen in spacesuit hats " though . I've , um -
* sigh *
I've very few historian friends .
Oh my gosh ! I'm ABSOLUTELY CONVINCED that I've just had the best idea for a superhero ever .
The PaciFIST !
She's torn between her desire for Gandhian passive resistance and her desire to punch her way to a unilaterally imposed solution ! ! She's a conflicted hero for a conflicted age , you guys !
And the " fist " is capitalized ?
Of course ! Also , " paci " is in wimpy script letters and " fist " is in these big exploding block letters !
That , my friends , is called " graphic design " .
So what's her origin story ?
oh , the standard : She was a super pacifist but then realized she super liked punching dudes , and so swore on her parents' grave that from now on she would DEFINITELY try to do both .
I honestly don't see an audience for this .
Utahraptor ! HELLO ? IT'S A METAPHOR FOR ROMANTIC RELATIONSHIPS ? ?
LATER
So , um -
Most of my relationships have been " complicated " .
When I drink , I tend to get sleepy , and then I tend to go to bed ! Guys !
I'm thinking of giving up drinking !
Because the last time I left a party early to go have sleepytimes for about eight hours , it occurred to be : ALCOHOL is doing this ! Why am I drinking it ? People drink to be interesting and to lose their inhibitions , but I'm ALREADY super interesting ! Plus , dudes , I'm pretty sure I've lost any inhibitions I may have had long ago ! !
Oh great , you're gonna be Mr . " I've Given Up Drinking And Am Therefore Superior " !
That's exactly my fear !
I need to find a non - obnoxious way to show up at a party and announce to everyone that I'm no longer drinking .
Why announce it at all , you know ? Just pull a Bruce Wayne and drink ginger ale like it's champagne !
My God , Utahraptor , that's THE PERFECT SOLUTION . It combines my two greatest interests : acting like I'm Batman AND deceiving my closest friends !
What society calls " personality flaws " I call " What if you pretended you were Batman too " .
Linguistic universals are a small handful of properties that can be universally applied to every natural language on the planet !
For example : every natural language includes the ideas of being " alive " and " dead " !
That's not really surprising , I guess , since every language EVER has been spoken by people who once were alive and are now totes dead . Similarly , every language has concepts of " male " and " female " , which suggests that we , as a people , find naughty bits interesting !
They do define who can procreate .
Um , I KNOW
Are there any more interesting universals ?
Sure !
No natural language uses the " blowing a raspberry fartnoise sound as a phoneme , which is just - it's just - well , it's too bad , Utahraptor .
Really ?
Yes , really ? Someone's name could be FARTNOISE FARTNOISE JUNIOR , and that someone could've been ME .
And that brings us to today's Proof We're Not Living In The Best Of All Possible Worlds !
" None of us are friends with Fartnoise Fartnoise Junior "
Stephen Hawking says the best proof that time travel isn't possible is that we're not overrun by loads of tourists from the future !
Stephen Hawking says a lot of things !
And maybe the reason tourists aren't running around here and now is because they have , um , ALL OF TIME to choose from ? If I could travel through time I wouldn't go back to yesterday , I'd go to the future ! I already know what happened yesterday : I ate a bunch and then I pooped a bunch !
T - Rex !
THE PAST IS UGLY , Dromiceiomimus ! !
You're saying the reason we don't see any time tourism is that we're - boring ?
Yep !
Scientist are all , " ooh , maybe you can only go through time in certain regions of space , or maybe you can't go back further than the invention of the time machine ! " Poppycock , I say ! Time travel is possible until we do something SO INTERESTING that it's inconceivable the future wouldn't want to check us out .
I suppose now you're going to suggest we do something so amazing that the future will HAVE to check us out ?
Nope ! Firstly , Utahraptor , that's an INCREDIBLY tall order !
. . . And secondly ?
Secondly , I , um , don't like it when my theories are proven wrong
T - REX'S RAP CAREER
My name's T - Rex and I'm here to say / That I'm the rappingest guy in the USA !
Eh ? What do you think Dromiceiomimus ? Is my flow TRULY the freshest possible ? ?
T - Rex , the " here to say / somethingest guy in the USA " combination is older than dust , and adding " rappingest " is like pouring extra dust from an old folk's home over it . A Pangean old folk's home .
The dust represents EXTREME AGE , T - Rex .
LATER :
Okay ! My rhymes are objectively , VERIFIABLY tight now .
Let's hear 'em !
My name is T - Rex and I'm here to speculate / on why my raps have gotten , well , pretty great !
. . .
. . . Amazingly that is even worse than before
THE END
As a man concerned with how , when and if I am going to die , it behooves me to know the most likely causes of death .
That's right , bitches ! People still says " behooves' ! !
So , God ! What are the most likely ways to die ?
OH HECK TAKE YOUR PICK FROM CANCER AND HEART DISEASE AND STROKE AND ACCIDENTS
. . . Okay , so , hey , that list's way less hilarious than I'd thought it'd be .
You were hoping for funny ways of death ?
Yeah , I guess ! Or awesome , you know ?
I'd hoped that more people would die in an amazing " spun so fast a tornado formed around him and sucked him into the sky " , or " flew into the sun " , or " all the oxygen molecules in the room randomly bounced away from him so he suffocated in the resultant temporary vacuum , oh well " way - that sort of thing !
But T - Rex , couldn't each of those be filed under " Natural disasters " ? And I've got good news for you : THE ODDS OF DYING IN A NATURAL DISASTER ARE ONLY 1 IN 4000 !
Oh man ! !
SWEEEET
Cultural universals , like linguistic universals , are properties that are found in EVERY SINGLE CULTURE EVER !
For example : cultures universally have units of time !
And cultures universally consume food and water , which makes sense because otherwise they'd be dead . And cultures universally have beliefs about death and disease and cultures universally have concepts of both music and dance !
Universally ? Really ?
Yep ! Scientists looked at HISTORY .
Um , that's not actually universal , T - Rex ! " Universal " means EVERYTHING , not just Earth !
What ?
But you're using it to mean " just on Earth , actually , and um , just within the history we remember " . That's RACIST against people from unrecorded history , PLUS it's racist against every other form of life in the entire universe . Basically I'm saying that you are perilously close to being the MOST PREJUDICED RACIST GUY EVER IN TIME .
LATER :
Dear audio diary ! I - I must now record the one sentence I'd always thought I'd be able to avoid .
* sigh *
. . . Alright . Today I somehow leveled up my racism like infinity times .
I think urban legends start because someone tells a story , and then their friends who heard it tell it again and make it MORE FANTASTIC . This makes sense .
Folks just want to tell increasingly awesome stories !
This is why I always discount stories that " happened to a friend " , or " happened to a guy I know " - you can probably be pretty sure that SOMETHING happened to some dude SOMETIME , but not much beyond that !
What urban legend did you hear ? The one where a woman eats a hot dog but then it's actually a real dog ?
No . That one's super dumb .
I heard it was real ! !
No you didn't !
You didn't because Dromecieomimus just made it up . There's no way you could mistake a hot dog for a real dog . One's delicious and the other's made of hot dog meat !
That was an extremely funny joke , Utahraptor ! You should be laughing right now . EVERYONE SHOULD BE LAUGHING , RIGHT NOW .
EVERYONE
Okay , so let's say I slide down a banister ! I'm awesome . Now let's say I slide down the handrail of an upwards - moving escalator . You guys !
I'm even more awesome ! !
And NOW let's say the escalator is long enough and smart enough that it increases its speed so that I never reach the bottom , and as my sliding speeds up , the escalator speeds up ! I can now be EXTREMELY AWESOME FOREVER !
I'm not sure that's the case ! Plus , friction would eventually make your butt catch on fire .
What ? !
Can that actually happen ?
Everything burns , T - Rex !
EVEN BUMS ?
ESPECIALLY BUMS , when they're acting as a friction brake . I thought we covered this with your " infinite skateboard " idea ?
I guess I'd hoped that by shifting the technology to escalators , the awesomeness might somehow - you know . . .
. . . break science .
MEANWHILE , IN THE UNIVERSE WHERE SCIENCE BREAKS IF SOMETHING'S AWESOME ENOUGH :
Wow , personal jetpacks are so compact , efficient , safe AND easy to control ! !
Um obviously I already know that ! We live in the same universe ! !
DUHHHHH
A sassy cat ! FROM SPACE . A sassy cat from space who has an eye patch with a skull and crossbones on it and who has swapped out his feet for bolted - on rocket boots !
A sassy cat from space who reliably sports a top hat under his fishbowl helmet !
A sassy cat from space who carries a crossbow PLUS has all those earlier properties too ! That's my " Sassy Space Cat " character sketch , Dromiceiomimus ! He's available for the role of title protagonist ONLY .
You're making a list of - characters ?
Yep , a book ! It's a proud tradition , long available to writers who just don't have any plots right now !
Really ? What other characters do you have ?
SO MANY , Utahraptor !
Does " Stern Librarian ( Nonsexy ) " pique your interest ? Perhaps you'd be interested in " Wacky Landlord ( Actually Racist ) " , " Sage Older Man " or " Overheated , Panting Dog " ? Maybe your interests rum more to " Astonished Plutocrat with Monocle " , " Rapping Dickensian Orphan " , or " Puking Anthropomorphized Park Slide " ?
Perhaps instead you'd like to purchase " Self - interested Bear " , " Shorn Cyclist " , or " BEACH BUNNY CHURCHILL " ? ?
Beach Bunny Churchill ?
Winston Churchill dressed as a beach bunny .
I figure - supporting character in an historical drama ?
I know a lot about Super Mario , on account of how I've played those games often for , um , most of my life ?
Guys ! There must be some way I can profit from this !
Like - maybe if someone has a question about Mario , they could ask me . Only the problem is , lots of other people also know about Mario too so there's nothing special about my knowledge !
Plus , there's probably tons of strategy guides and stuff online that would cover anything you know and then some .
TRUE .
But there still must be a way !
A way for what ?
Utahraptor , we're smart guys . We need to come up with a way for me to profit from all my Mario knowledge , while keeping in mnd that there's actually nothing unique about it .
Okay . Well , Mario's a well - known character , but you have specialized knowledge about him . Why not exploit this in art you produce ?
You share a cultural context with other Mario fans , so there's your shibboleth to talk with them directly . At the same time , Mario is famous enough that nobody will be lost by a reference !
My friend ! Such excellent advice is truly as rare , and as welcomed , as the 3UP moon ! !
Three PROFESSION MEMBERS drive off a cliff . What's the tragedy ?
The car seats four , you guys ! !
MORE PROFESSION MEMBER JOKES
Why do so many people take an instant dislike to PROFESSION MEMBERS ?
It saves time ! What's the difference between a dead skunk and a dead PROFESSION MEMBER in the middle of the road ?
There are skid marks in front of the skunk ! Hey , what's the definition of a gentleman ?
Someone who knows how to PRACTICE A PROFESSION , but doesn't !
Wow , these jokes are kinda mean to PROFESSION MEMBERS !
No man , they're all in fun !
What's the difference between a PROFESSION MEMBER and a terrorist ?
I -
Terrorists have sympathizers ! !
Listen , Utahraptor . Some of my best friends are PROFESSION MEMBERS .
LATER : " PROFESSION MEMBERS " IS REPLACED WITH " MEMBERS OF AN IDENTIFIABLE SOCIAL CLASS OR GROUP OF WHICH WE ARE NOT MEMBERS "
* gasp *
That's racist ! !
Animals sometimes have names that share the first letter of their species . Tony the Tiger , Katy the Kangaroo , Ernie the Elephant , and so on . Ridiculous ! But just as ridiculous . . .
. . . as every human being who has a name that starts with " H " ! !
I had this realization just now so I haven't done much with it , but I do hope I meet a Hakeem soon so I can exclusively refer to him as " Hakeem the Human " , over and over and over again ! HILARIOUS .
T - Rex the T . rex ?
That - that doesn't work as well .
It seems we're all pretty vulnerable to this crticism , huh ?
APPARENTLY .
Utahraptor the Utahraptor . How'd you get such a name ?
My parents gave it to me T - Rex the Tyrannosauroid .
Okay . Sinve we've ALL apparently got stupid names , let's just promise never to mention this again .
Deal !
DEAL
But your names' not stupid , God !
UM HELLO . I'M GOD THE GOD .
PEOPLE SAY HUH MAYBE I'LL PRAY TO GOD THE GOD TODAY
AND I SAY
MAAAAAN
We say " Let's Party ! ! " all the time , but when we say " Let us Party ! ! " it sounds hella formal !
" Let's " is a crazy contraction , you guys !
Other contractions sound a little formal when uncontracted ( " You will definitely love this " versus , " You'll definitely love this " ) , but " let's " is INSANE ! " Dudes ! Let us now gobble these sausages ! " Are we KINGS AND PRINCES ? In summary and in conclusion , " let's " is contracted so RELIABLY that it seems like a big affectation to use " let us " as separate words .
So let us break that association by no longer contracting it !
Let us see how that goes , Utahraptor !
I think that this has been successful so far . Let us continue this experiment !
Let us ! Incidentally , my favourite Salt - N - Pepa song is " Let Us Talk About Sex " .
Let us listen to it right now !
Let us talk about sex , baby / Let us talk about you and me / Let us talk about all the good things and the bad things that may be / Let us talk about sex
OH MY GOD OH MY GOD HOW'D THEY KNOW WHAT WE WERE DOING i'VE HAD THAT TAPE FOR TEN YEARS OH MY GOD
It's safe to eat chalk , right ? Probably ?
Probably it's safe to eat chalk ?
Let us totally assume that it's safe to eat chalk ! !
And seriously , if it's not safe to eat chalk then it's DEFINITELY safe to eat sawdust . And even if it's not , there's got to be things that'll pass through you ENTIRELY UNDIGESTED but that also won't cause any harm when you gobble them !
Guys ! We should be making food out of these things !
Another weight - loss scheme ?
Utahraptor , this one's perfect though !
You'll be able to eat all you want and get that great " I'm so full , you guys " feeling , but never gain any weight !
Ah , yes , that coveted " I'm so full of chalk and sawdust , you guys " feeling .
Don't knock it 'til you've tried it !
T - REX TRIES IT
bleh
Hey , you graduated high school ! Super .
Why haven't you got a university degree yet ?
You say you've got several , all the way up to a PhD ? Neat ! Only , how come you haven't published more papers ? You have ? How come you don't have honourary degrees ? You do ! But how come yours isn't a household name ? If you're so great , WHY IS ANYTHING STILL LEFT UNEXPLAINED ? ?
No matter what you do , there's always something more you could have done , and more you could have achieved ?
Exactly !
This isn't a bad thing , T - Rex !
It sure is !
I can't ever say " There , I've accomplished all that I could . " Things just level up to new challenges !
Sure , but it also means that there's no limit to your horizons , that the future can always promise more than the present , and that you'll never run out of things to learn .
MANY YEARS LATER :
Utahraptor , remember when you said I'd " never run out of things to learn about Teri Hatcher " ?
What ? I never said " Teri Hatcher " ! I meant knowledge in general .
R - Really ?
Okay well either way you were totally right ! !
People's last words are sometimes awesome . It's a thing : if they get the chance to , folks choose them carefully ! In contrast , people's first words are usually boring , similar AND similarly boring !
We need to start recording people's middle words !
I'd love to know what my middle sentence is : the one right between my first " mama " or " dada " and my final " I confess , old bean , I never cared for durian " . It might be revealing !
You'd have to be dead though .
Or I could just take a vow of silence until I die !
You'd also need total surveillance recording your every utterance !
Well , OBVIOUSLY .
But this sentence is just gonna be something random anyway . Why not choose a random sentence from your diary and avoid , um , THE NEED TO LIVE IN A SURVELLIANCE STATE THAT RECORDS EVERY SINGLE SPEECH ACT ?
Why not ? Why not ? I'll tell you why not ! !
LATER :
Utahraptor ?
Yes , T - Rex ?
Listen , I still really value our friendship
Sometimes people who disagree on the future will make a public bet : I bet the ice caps will melt in 10 years , you disagree , and we go public , each betting $ 1000 on the outcome !
This , my friends , is awesome !
One of us will win not only $ 1000 dollars of PURE PROFIT , but also the pride of having been totally right for a whole decade ! And the bet ties this elastic band between you and the other party : no matter how far apart you travel , you'll be snapped back together again years later for this - this SETTLING OF ACCOUNTS . I think that's special . I think that's awesome !
So let's make one of these bets !
Yes PLEASE Utahraptor ! You're on !
Okay ! I bet that in ten years um . . . people will OFTEN refer to sex as " connecting via dialup to boner central " .
You're ON . Thanks for the $ 1000 !
Awesome ! ! You're going to lose , by the way !
LATER :
Man !
I should've bet that , in ten years , he'd win the bet .
If I get married , we have to play " Earth Angel " as the first dance , okay ?
You guys ! It'll be amazing ! !
That's that climactic slow dance from Back to the Future , right ? Why do you like it ?
Oh ! It's - romantic ? I , um - I like how he says he will love the eponymous earth angel forever and ALSO ever more .
And what if " Johnny B . Goode " was played as the next song ?
THAT would be entirely awesome !
Ha ! You don't want to get married . You want to go to a dance played by Marty McFly !
Man , whatever !
I've been to like two weddings in my life , but I've seen them portrayed in media thousands of times ! Is it SO WRONG to incorporate elements of these media portrayals into my own expectations ? ?
I guess not , except for the fact that the Enchantment Under the Sea Dance is a HIGH SCHOOL BALL and not a wedding !
Hello ? ? Marty's parents share a relationship - making kiss at that dance ! The parallels are TOTALLY OBVIOUS .
I'll say it again : if I had one wish , it'd be " Tell me how long it's going to take until everyone realizes they should never argue with me about Back to the Future " .
I am a sensible guy who does sensible things . My favourite expression is " Fellows ! Let us be SENSIBLE . " However !
I am not all guys !
Some guys wake up in the morning , and they're crazy . They don't know how many men they'll punch that day . They write in their diary and say , " Dear Diary , anything could happen today . " Then they pause thoughtfully , adding " I don't even know . " Some guys get to wake up in minimum - security holding cells , laughing . Some guys get to think about it when you ask them what city they lived in last year !
The romance of the rebel ?
A little , I guess !
Well if it's any consolation , you're not THAT sensible . You've done tons of crazy things ! You just THINK you're sensible because you always did them for reasons you believed were rational .
That's exactly it : I never surprise myself ! When will I do crazy things ? When will I wake up in jail and laugh ?
Hah ! It would be awesome if there was a clock wipe right now , cutting to me three minutes later , behind bars and shouting " I believe there's nothing particularly funny about my new circumstances ! "
Not really
Guys , it's not hard to stay fully unknowable even to yourself . There's an easy way to go through life and still have mysteries . All you have to do is . . .
. . . donate some friggin' sperm !
Find a program where they don't inform you when your sperm is used , and you're done ! From now on , you'll NEVER KNOW if you've got a particular descendant - a child ! - running around . People will say , " Hey , do you have any biological descendants ? " and you'll be able to say " Man , WHO KNOWS ? ? " Plus , you've done it all without the hassle of unplanned pregnancies !
And this is appealing , T - Rex ?
Oh yes ! Entirely .
Wouldn't you love to be able to imagine every stranger of a certain age as your child ? Utahraptor , it's a guaranteed sense of wonder for the rest of your life !
That's sort of cool , actually .
I know ! And it's all thanks to sperm !
T - REX DO YOU KNOW HOW MANY TIMES YOU'VE OFFERED " DONATE SOME FRIGGIN' SPERM " AS A SOLUTION TO AN APPARENTLY INSOLUBLE PROBLEM
Sixteen times ?
THAT IS
AMAZINGLY
PRECISELY CORRECT
Why do we say " rest in peace " ? Is it just for the " rest in pieces " pun we can make when we explode someone ?
Because if so , I approve 100 % !
THE END
ALTERNATE ENDING
Why do we say " rest in peace " ? Is it just -
It comes from Latin !
It's a prayer , " reuiescat in pace " , which also works in English with about the same meaning : rest in peace . It comes from the Christian tradition , which at various points and to various people has held that there is a time of " soul sleep " after death but before judgment .
THE END
ALTERNATE ENDING :
Dudes ! !
If they made " Horse Game 64 " , I would TOTALLY buy that game !
ALTERNATE WHOLE THING ACTUALLY
HEY T - REX DO YOU BELIEVE MONEY MAKES PEOPLE HAPPIER
Let's discuss !
I think it's clear that at some income levels , money DOES buy happiness !
If you can't afford to eat or buy diapers for your child and then you can , that money will make you happy and have obviously bought you happiness !
On the other hand , some lottery winners are less happy a few years after winning than they were before !
Mo' money CAN , apparently , indeed lead to mo' problems .
So let us say money can buy happiness , assuming it's not received all at once .
But billionaires aren't uniformly jolly !
That's true . Okay , so clearly there's a function where money buys happiness with less efficiency as happiness increases .
That implies giving a depressed dude a few bucks will cheer him right up .
Heck , maybe it does ! Let's find a depressed dude and find out !
T - REX I WAS JUST MAKING CONVERSATION
Oh !
THERE'S NO NEED TO DO SCIENCE ON DEPRESSED DUDES
. . . oh .
I SHOULDN'T HAVE TO SAY THAT MORE THAN ONCE YOU KNOW
I said " oh " ! !
MMM GREETINGS T - REX WHAT ARE YOUR OPINIONS ON THE RISE OF CASUAL GAMING
Nobody should be excluded from games just because they can't afford a cummerbund , top hat , and pince - nez !
I WAS CLEARLY REFERRING TO SIMPLER VIDEO GAMES BUILT FOR A CASUAL AUDIENCE
Ah !
ON ONE HAND THESE GAMES APPEAL TO THOSE OUTSIDE THE STANDARD GAMING DEMOGRAPHIC AND THUS SERVE TO BROADEN THE APPEAL OF THE MEDIUM AND DISPEL SOME NEGATIVE STEREOTYPES ABOUT THOSE WHO PARTAKE OF ELECTRONIC ENTERTAINMENT
ON THE OTHER HAND THE CASUAL MARKET IS SO BIG THAT IT MAY ENCOURAGE FRANCHISES THAT I ENJOY TO BECOME MORE CASUAL FRIENDLY AND THIS OFTEN UNFORTUNATELY MEANS MORE SHALLOW
I really haven't thought about industry ramifications of casual gaming that much !
Me neither !
No , I - I was talking to the Devil . He's concerned that casual gaming could eclipse the parts of the market he identifies with .
Well you tell him that more people playing games means fewer people looking down on gamers !
Man , it'd be easier for me if others could hear you too !
AND IT'D BE EASIER FOR ME T - REX IF I COULD CONVERSE WITH SHIGERU MIYAMOTO
HOWEVER
HE WILL NOT BE BORN FOR 65 MILLION YEARS BECAUSE WE ARE IN THE PAST REMEMBER
Guys ! There's a VOLUNTARY EXTINCTION movement . If we can decide to all stop havin' babies , then we can choose to go extinct ! !
It probably sounded like a good idea at the time ?
Then again , our actions , as a people , HAVE been responsible for untold thousands of involuntary extinctions around the world - which could all be avoided in the future by voluntarily offering ourselves up instead ! The final generation gets to spend everyone's life savings and throw a totally wicked part , and the last one out turns off the lights . The end !
You sound like you're actually convincing yourself that this is a good idea !
I am , a little !
Okay , but one could argue that the intelligent life we represent is something that could be ENTIRELY UNIQUE in the Universe . That's worth preserving !
Yeah , maybe . I think I still need some more convincing .
* sigh *
. . . Fine .
We shouldn't choose to go extinct because if an asteroid threatens the planet , we're the only ones with enough science to blow it up .
! !
HECK YES
Some words are special , reserved for only the worst situations , and as such carry weight when we dare to use them !
Some words have MEANING , cats and kittens !
And because of this I cringe when someone says a test RAPED them , or that a movie was so terrible it RAPED the excellent book it was based on . Being raped is totally way worse than failing a test !
" Being raped is totally way worse than failing a test . "
What ? It's FACTUAL ! People need to know !
You're walking on dangerous land , T - Rex !
I know that folks got opinions about rape ! I'm one of 'em !
But MY opinions are about usage . Let us eschew all this metaphorical rape and only talk about LITERAL rape , okay ? ?
So , um , when you look back on this , I hope you realize that the reason I left is your phrase " let us . . . talk about LITERAL rape , okay ? ? " .
SOMETIMES LIFE IS HARD FOR YOU ISN'T IT T - REX
Only when my friends quote me in a misleading fashion ! !
. . . Oh wait nevermind it's hard at other times too
Okay , time to get myself into some of them books of quotations !
Hah ! I mean , " some of THOSE books of quotations " !
So here's some quotable quotes for you , Dromiceiomimus ! " Failure is just success rounded down " , " I enjoy friendly good times " , and " Whom is responsible for all these hards on ? " . Perhaps you'd like to compile them into a volume ?
Hey , imagine if the only quotation that survived from you was " Time to get myself into some of them quote books " ?
I choose not to !
Yeah man , maybe all that survives from you is that quote !
It's not even accurate ! !
Years in the future , folks will try to reconstruct you from those few words . " Who was 'T - Rex' ? We know of his interest in 'them quote books' [ sic ] , and we can assume he found demonstrative pronouns a challenge . "
" Ignore that last bit ! I meant to write that we know T - Rex was awesome and I wish I were like him . "
" Anyway it's really too bad he couldn't talk well ! "
" Hold on , I meant to write that he COULD ! For more TRUE FACTS , turn to page 45 . "
" Astute readers will note this book only goes to page 40 . "
" Screw you , dude ! Attention readers ! Only read the good sentences ! ! "
According to the Mayan calendar , the world will end in 2012 !
The Mayans tried to warn us ! !
Oh SHIIII -
According to the calendar in my computer , the world began on January 1st , 1970 at very the stroke of midnight ! ! It's impossible to make it go back earlier , and every moment is measured by the number of seconds since that one incredibly significant date ! History is a lie ! Unix software developers tried to warn us ! !
Oh SHIIII -
According to the calendar on my desk -
Yes ?
The world began on January 1st of this very year , and will end no more than 365 days later ! The calendar is only 365 date - bearing pages dates thick and I've counted three times ! The Page - A - Day publishing house tried to warn us !
Oh SHIIII -
The Mayan Long Count calendar you're discussing doesn't end in our year 2012 , it just rolls over to a new digit , much like the year 1 BC rolled over to 1 AD .
WHILE FACTUAL , THAT'S NOT A GREAT EXAMPLE BECAUSE THE GREGORIAN CALENDAR WASN'T ACTUALLY IN PLACE FOR THAT ROLLOVERRRRR
I will , one day , have the best breakfast of my entire life .
It is inarguably so !
Arrange all of my breakfasts from worst to best , and one's going to come out on top . I believe there are easily enough variables involved in breakfast that if you look closely enough , you can break any ties ! One breakfast will be best . And what kills me is I'll probably not even notice it !
How do you figure that ?
Most breakfast are pretty great ! EVEN THE JUST OKAY ONES .
It's unlikely my best breakfast will be so amazingly different enough from a regular breakfast that I'd notice it . That's sad , isn't it ? That in a lifetime of breakfasts , the best one should pass unnoticed ?
I - I guess ?
MEANWHILE , IN THE UNIVERSE WHERE INSTEAD OF SAYING " BREAKFAST " , T - REX SAID " GIRLFRIEND " :
There are easily enough variables involved in girlfriend !
Interesting
Going to the dentist means lying down and baring your teeth and paying a stranger to scrape at them : kinda sucky at the best of times . But then I realized !
Dentists are totally CYBERNETICISTS .
I know , Dromiceiomimus , I was skeptical of myself too ! But teeth naturally accumulate plaque and decay . Dentists apply technology to biological life ( me ! ) to upgrade my smile and stop biological decline ! Isn't that what cyberneticists do ? ?
Cyberneticists study the structure of regulatory systems .
Honestly I don't know what you feel that brings to the conversation .
Doesn't technology have to be implanted to make you a cyborg ?
They implant fillings !
Dentists are cyberneticists that operate with metal scrapers instead of experimental medical contraband , and the result is cleaner teeth instead of glowing red pupils .
I suppose !
I've bribed cyberneticists to ply their trade and enhance my fragile mortal body ! !
[ [ tooth sparkle ] ]
Certain bacteria may be able to survive a long trip in space , and there's a theory that life on OUR VERY PLANET was seeded by such space - born organic materials .
This theory is called " panspermia " !
HILARIOUS .
Undermining serious work into the origins of life on our planet , I see .
I'm not !
They're undermining it by choosing such hilarious names ! You know what it's called if you think the organic life is sent out on purpose by aliens ?
No .
DIRECTED PANSPERMIA . That doesn't sound like the origin of life on earth ! That sounds like a CRAZY FRIDAY NIGHT .
" A rose by any other name would smell as sweet " !
Nobody's smelling roses called Flower of Sperm Directed Onto Everything Ever " !
. . . Okay , listen , maybe they'd smell them ONCE .
EPISTEMOLOGY COMICS
If I say " Guys , I know I'm rad " , what am I saying ? What does it actually mean to KNOW something ? Philosophers have struggled with this for ages !
Luckily , the answer is super easy and they should have come up with it sooner !
Knowledge of anything , radness included , comes about if three conditions are met : that this thing is true , that I believe it to be true , and that I have a JUSTIFIED cause for this belief ! Perhaps my justification of radness is that I've been shot out of a cannon onto a motorbike , which is extremely rad . When these three conditions are met , then I've got what's called a Justified True Belief , and that , my friends , is what knowledge is !
Okay , so we're hanging out , and I say " T - Rex , I'm gonna go nap in your bed . "
I say , " Dude , feel free ! "
However , once in your room I startle a sleepy murderer , who without alarming you , quietly murders me , stuffs me in the closet , and then goes back to nappy times - in your bed ! ! A few minutes later you say , " Nice . An orange dude is sleeping in my bed . " Clearly , this is justified , and it may even be true .
But only if the murderer was orange ! Don't you see ? It's sheer luck that this murderer was coloured to make your belief true . Are you really going to call random chance " knowledge " ?
Utahraptor ! !
Please don't get murdered in my bedroom , Utahraptor
A person's activity is often used by law enforcement when pursuing a conviction ! Facebook posts , Twitter updates and Google searches for " how to murder the sucky neighbour " have all been used as evidence of intentful wrongdoing .
I can totally use this to my advantage !
AS SUCH , I've recently done tons of Google searches for " how to avoid breaking laws " , " i love being not guilty " , " how to be an EVEN MORE innocent dude " , and " how to avoid crime because , not unlike Batman himself , I too hate crime " .
There's nothing like a Twitter post that says " Definitely not planniny any crimes ever ! # seriouslyyouguys "
Nothing ! !
Now if I'm ever accused of wrongdoing , any investigation will reveal these posts and my extreme innocence !
Really ?
You're not worried how suspicious it is for someone to be SO CONCERNED with appearing innocent ?
Man , there's nothing illegal about being big into innocence ! Besides , Utahraptor , I'M not the one who looked up " how to frame T - Rex for future criminal activities ? ? " on my home computer .
. . . I looked it up on yours .
But friends forever , right ?
That's binding , right ?
Time for some more epitaphs , bitches !
I'M NOT BITCHES
Time for some more epitaphs , everyone ! !
Here Lies T - Rex : Hey I Bet He's Still Wicked Handsome !
HERE LIES T - REX HE WAS MORTAL SO THEN HE DIED
Depressing !
" Here Lies T - Rex : He Never Stopped Saying " Frig " / Even If He Stopped Saying Other Words " .
BAD . ASS .
Here lies T - Rex : He lived his life well / and tried to understand .
Boooring !
Epitaphs need to grab the attention of passers by , Utahraptor - you're competing with EVERYONE ELSE who's ever died !
Here Lies T - Rex : His Heart Was Punched Out Of His Chest By A Robot , But Then Wind Blew His Heart Into The Robot's Face And The Robot Said , " Error , Oh Man , Gross " .
Niiiiiice . I also would have accepted " Here Lies T - Rex : He Tried To Eat One Of Every Animal ; Hopefully That Counts For Something ! "
Because . . . hopefully it does , you know ?
Guys , it's totally easy to predict the future . Observe : IN THE FUTURE , the general public will be given ample opportunities to purchase the solid gold hits of this , our current decade !
THE FUTURE , YOU GUYS
IN THE FUTURE , portrayals by others of our shared past will infringe upon our memories of it , and people born after our time will only understand it through the shorthand aspects of cultural consensus found in the media .
Just like how everyone in the 20s was a flapper ! !
Exactly !
IN THE FUTURE , our actions and beliefs will be evaluated by standards we didn't have !
No doubt !
IN THE FUTURE , we'll solve the old problems but we'll also have new problems .
Also , we'll still have some of the old problems .
The future , ladies and gentlemen ! !
LATER :
Maaaan !
I forgot to predict friggin' ROCKET BOOTS
My life - ALL LIVES , in fact - would be measurably improved if I had a sweet accent ! FACT .
And it totally doesn't count to say I already have an accent !
We're being relative here ; it has to be different from everyone else around me . Wouldn't it be great if I sounded like Dame Judi Dench , Dromiceiomimus ? I mean , a male version ? Ooh , or like Cary Grant ! I could sound like the platonic form of charming , suave , unreliable and debonair MANHOOD .
Have you tried faking it ?
Oh , for sure , but all my accents sound like bad Irish fakes !
It's confusing and disappointing .
So , you want to sound like Cary Grant , eh ?
Why not hire voice and accent coaches , like actors do ? I don't see why the same " here's how to talk like someone you're not " lessons wouldn't apply just as well to you .
Utahraptor , that's brilliant ! Oh my gosh . My lifelong dream can finally now be realized !
A FEW MONTHS LATER :
Why , hello there , Utahraptor ! Wouldn't you say I sound like a young Cary Grant ?
I would !
Well , sure ! It would be harder to hear my accent , however , if our conversation were relayed in a text - based medium .
INTERNET ARGUMENT COMICS
NAZI ACCUSATIONS
YOU'RE BEING PRESCRIPTIVIST ABOUT LANGUAGE AND KEEP TELLING EVERYONE ELSE HOW TO TYPE
Keep up the good work !
NO THE PROBLEM IS THIS IS A JERKY THING TO DO
I respectfully disagree ! !
Bitches gotta know when they've screwed up capitalization !
YOU THINK " FAIL " IS SYNONYMOUS WITH " Q . E . D . "
Who says " Q . E . D . " online ?
Honestly .
YOU ARE TYPING IN ALL CAPS
I ACTUALLY HAVE NO PROBLEM WITH THAT
ME NEITHER AS A FIND IT TO BE A REASONABLE FORM OF EXPRESSION
RIGHT ON
YOU SEEM UNAWARE THAT " FAG " IS SHORT FOR " YOU ARE A * F * RIEND I RESPECT ; * A * S SUCH I * G * REATLY LOOK FORWARD TO COMMUNICATING WITH YOU IN AN HONEST WAY IN THE FUTURE "
Man , here I thought it stood for " Fellow Against Galactophagists " !
Sheesh
COMPRESSED ORIGIN STORY COMICS
ALL LIFE ( in the Judeo - Christian tradition )
I'm God and I'm going to create life !
INTERESTING
Okay so first off I'm going to invent the week ! Monday's for inventing light , Tuesday's for inventing sky , Wednesday's for inventing stars and moons , Thursday's for inventing land and trees , Friday's for inventing sea beasts and birds , and Saturday's for inventing animals and dinosaurs and humans ! Sunday's for chillaxin' .
I GOTTA SAY THAT IS A PRETTY GOOD GIST OF WHAT HAPPENED .
And now I'm going to put everyone into a big garden ! Nobody eat the fruit of one particular tree , okay ? !
Okay !
But I gotta say , there's this one forbidden tree that has this AMAZING fruit and you should definitely eat some right away .
Okay !
AWESOME .
T - REX ADAM AND EVE ARE TE ONES WHO ARE SUPPOSED TO EAT FROM THE TREE OF KNOWLEDGE YOU'RE GOD IN THIS STORY REMEMBER
Oops . Oh well !
IT'S JUST THAT IS SOME HELLA CONFUSING SYMBOLISM
People are predicting the future all the time . All the time , you guys !
Someone must have gotten it right by now !
So I'm going to go back and read tons of " Life in the World of Tomorrow " articles from centuries past , and find the one dude who was the closest to being accurate .
And then what ?
What do you mean , " And then what " ? And then I'm going to read a bunch of startlingly accurate predictions about our futuristic society !
It is kind of neat to imagine the one guy who , purely by chance , has the most right predictions .
I know !
I'd love to go back in time and tell him " Hey man - of everyone here , you were the most right . " Actually - I think I'd mostly just like to hear that myself .
It would be pretty amazing to go through life knowing that in the future , people not only remember but also APPROVE of you .
THAT EVENING :
Okay , time travellers ! This is your LAST CHANCE to tell me I'm the more right guy here . Right now . Now ! Nownownow . Now ! Nnnnnnow ! Now . . . . Aw maaaan .
Let us assume that everyone alive today has two biological parents , a mother and a father . I will call this the " No Cloned Chicks " hypothesis !
And let us further assume that everyone's parents had a biological mother and father too !
This seems pretty reasonable . But it can't possibly be the case ! If you take me , I've got two parents . My parents have two parents themselves , so this means that three generations ago , four people are needed to eventually produce me . Another generation back , we're eight people , and five generations ago gives me sixteen ancestors !
And if you go back 1500 years or so , say , fifty - five generations ?
That's exactly the problem !
At fifty - five generations , I've got over TEN QUADRILLION grandparents all running around at the same time ! Man ! There's NO WAY there was room for that .
Ah , but you're assuming everyone's sexing up a totally genetic stranger . If you sex up a relative , any child produced will have fewer grandparents !
. . . Huh ! So the fact that there weren't ten quadrillion people 1500 years ago SCIENTIFICALLY PROVES that some of my ancestors liked sexing it up with their cousins ! !
. . .
. . . Huh .
T - REX LET'S SAY YOU HAVE A GIANT HEAP OF SAND AND I REMOVE ONE GRAIN AT A TIME
Ooh , let's ! !
CLEARLY WHEN THERE'S ONLY ONE GRAIN OF SAND LEFT IT'S NOT A HEAP ANYMORE
Clearly !
AHA MY FRIEND BUT WHEN PRECISELY DID IT SWITCH FROM HEAP TO NON - HEAP
I dunno ! At some fuzzy point if would switch for most observers from " heap " to , say , " small pile " , and there we can draw the line . Language isn't that precise .
LISTEN THIS IS A CLASSIC PARADOX THAT EUBULIDES OF MILETUS CAME UP WITH OVER 2000 YEARS AGO
YOU NEED TO HAVE YOUR MIND BLOWN NOW OKAY
Sounds kinda dumb to to me !
What does ?
The point at which a shrinking heap of sand becomes a non - heap . Clearly I'm supposed to struggle with an arbitrary threshold , because piles on either side of it look much the same . But it's just language ! Look at statistical usage of the word " heap " , decide using that average , end of story .
Oh snap , philosophers ! Did T - Rex just totally school you with statistically - based descriptivist approach to semantics ? IT APPEARS THAT HE TOTALLY DID ! ! It also appears he's speaking in the third person because he's so impressed with his awesome self !
COMICS IN WHICH T - REX OWES UTAHRAPTOR FIFTY BUCKS
Hah hah ! Yep !
And I TOTALLY haven't paid it back yet , either !
What ? Are you talking about your $ 50 debt to Utahraptor ?
He told you about that ?
T - Rex , he told me because he'd lent you the money a long time ago , and he was concerned that asking you for it a third time in as many months was not polite . I told him YOU were the one who was impolite in for putting him in this situation !
Man , now I'M the bad guy for not honoring debts in a timely manner ?
My debt ?
Utahraptor ! Homeslice ! Oh , I wasn't talking about you , I was referring to another debt which - um , I also owe ?
T - Rex , you only ever call me nicknames when you owe me money .
Aw , that's no true ! C'mon , Shortpants !
! !
Oh my God , from now on his name is definitely Shortpants .
I am a guy who really likes Batman . And it occurs to me : at some point in my life I'm going to be an old man !
I'm going to be an old man who really likes Batman !
It's gonna be so awesome . Am I to imagine that one day I somehow WON'T be interested in figthin' crime , punchin' dudes , and saying things like " I AM THE NIGHT " ? Of course not ! When I'm old I'll be sitting on a rocking chair next to the other old men , arguing about whether it's Batman or Bruce Wayne that's the real mask . CLEARLY BRUCE IS THE MASK .
It sounds like this comforts you !
Oh , it totally does .
I have NO IDEA where I'll be or what I'll be doing in fifty years but when I picture myself talking about Batman everything falls into place . I'll always have that , you know ? No matter what happens , I'll always be able to argue about Batman .
Even if you were paralyzed and couldn't communicate ?
Utahraptor , please ! For every Batman argument that comes out of my mouth there's like eighty of them that go on in my head .
T - REX DID YOU HEAR ARCHIE IS GETTING MARRIED
Perennial teen Archie Andres of Riverdale , USE ? ! To whom ?
VERONICA LODGE
Oh , poor Veronica !
You'd rather she marry - well , who , Jughead ?
Man , I'd rather she expand her horizons beyond the ten NON - BACKGROUND characters in Riverdale . Her dating options there are , in their entireity : Archie , Moose , Dilton , Chuck , Reggie , and Jughead . That's it ! PROBABLY SHE CAN DO BETTER . Maybe she should chat up Background Teen In Green Shirt once in a while , you know ?
That's like complaining when Princess Leia falls for Han Solo !
Yes !
And that is a valid complaint ! I hate it when fictional universes are SO CLAUSTROPHOBIC that everyone's hanging out in the same swimming pool .
Huh ?
Okay that's a metaphor , but just BARELY . It's basically a literal description of what's going on .
Only so many characters can splash around in a swimming pool at the same time . And they keep bumping into each other !
Man ! If there's a better two - sentence summary of BOTH Star Wars and Archie comics , I don't want to hear it !
You know what hasn't happened in space yet ? Friggin' murder ! Nobody's been murdered in space yet !
Guys ! This means I still have a chance !
You want to be the first murderer in space ?
No , man ! That's a sucky way to go down in history . But as the first MURDEREE in space , going out as a floating corpse in Zero G : that's something ! And it's totally easy . All I need to do is convince some spaceman , when the time comes , to murder me !
Is it murder if you're literally asking for it ?
That's for the courts to decide , my friend !
Listen , bottom line : when my time on this planet is just about up , I'm going up into space and you're going to murder me , okay ? Surprise me with a knife !
I -
for the sake of history , Utahraptor ! !
I can already see the headline : " The First Dude Murdered In Space ! "
At the very least , " The First Dude Murdered In Space By His Friend , who Is Now Going To Jail ! "
At the very least ! !
Last night I dreamt I had been invited to a fancy party , far away , and the host was nice enough to buy me a plane ticket to get there .
Finally , things were looking up for dream T - rex !
This was at noon , dream time , and the plane was to leave at six . I made myself a sandwich , but it must've taken a while , because when I looked at the clock , it was 6 : 30 already ! I'd missed my flight AND party entirely , and my friends all chastised me for being so dumb . " Why didn't you leave at least two hours for check in with an international flight ? " they said !
So you dreamed about being cussed out ?
Yeah , it was great !
I remember saying " OBVIOUSLY it was a dumb mistake , guys . It'll never happen again ; now I know to always leave plenty of time to get to the airport ! "
And when you woke up you remembered that moral !
Exactly !
I'm now learning life lessons WHILE I SLEEP , Utahraptor . I'm pretty sure I've moved on to the next stage of existence . I'm pretty sure when I wake up tomorrow , I'll be a being of PURE ENERGY . I'm pretty sure I'll come back and visit though , so no worries !
Medal stores will totally sell you whatever medal you ask for !
!
I - why are people competing for first prize in a track meet when they can go out and buy a bigger trophy that says " ACTUAL FIRST PRIZE IN THE TRACK MEET : WAY BETTER THAN THAT OTHER GUY " ?
Probably for the fun of sport , T - Rex ! The goal isn't actually the trophy .
Then I'm sure nobody will mind when I'm at the awards ceremony , making a big deal of my way more awesome prize !
There's a way we can turn this realization of yours into something more positive , T - Rex !
Oh ?
Yeah , what if instead of ruining track and field ceremonies , we bought awards for each other ? Yours could say something like " SASSIEST DUDE " -
And yours could say " CHUMLY PAL " ! Oh my gosh , YES . Let's award each other medals !
LATER :
T - Rex , thanks for the award , but I'm not wearing a gold medal that says " DROMICEIOMIMUS : THE CLASSY DAME WITH THE SIX - SYLLABLE NAME " .
I understand , Dromiceiomimus !
I didn't know they'd be engraving it live
Medal stores will totally sell you whatever medal you ask for !
!
I - why are people competing for first prize in a track meet when they can go out and buy a bigger trophy that says " ACTUAL FIRST PRIZE IN THE TRACK MEET : WAY BETTER THAN THAT OTHER GUY " ?
Probably for the fun of sport , T - Rex ! The goal isn't actually the trophy .
Then I'm sure nobody will mind when I'm at the awards ceremony , making a big deal of my way more awesome prize !
There's a way we can turn this realization of yours into something more positive , T - Rex !
Oh ?
Yeah , what if instead of ruining track and field ceremonies , we bought awards for each other ? Yours could say something like " SASSIEST DUDE " -
And yours could say " CHUMLY PAL " ! Oh my gosh , YES . Let's award each other medals !
LATER :
T - Rex , thanks for the award , but I'm not wearing a gold medal that says " DROMICEIOMIMUS : THE CLASSY DAME WITH THE SIX - SYLLABLE NAME " .
I understand , Dromiceiomimus !
I didn't know they'd be engraving it live
In the 1300's , the regular chicks and dudes in England were speaking what we'd call " Middle English " , a rapidly developing alternative to the Latin and French used in religion and government .
It was an exciting time to be saying " Forsooth " !
And some of these dudes were big into English being developed as a " real " language , particularly one John Wycliffe , who decided to translate the Bible - one of , if not THE most important book of his time - into casual English . This would allow John's less educated countrymen to read it since , as it'd been written in Latin since the 5th century , currently required either formal education or a priest to interpret it for you !
But when they started translating , they ran onto some problems !
Papal Resistance ?
That , but also a lot of English words they needed didn't exist yet ! So John invented them , and we still use his " behemoth " , " puberty " , and " zeal " . But he also needed a word for intestines " , and the phrase he came up with - FOR THE BIBLE , I REMIND YOU - was " arse ropes " .
Hilarious !
And that brings us to today & # 8217 ; s Proof We & # 8217 ; re Not Living In The Best of All Possible Worlds !
Today is a good day I think for revenge !
REVENGING MYSELF UPON MY ENEMIES , THAT IS !
Specifically , revenging myself upon my enemies by finding out what their full names are , and then popularizing an insulting or embarrassing acronym that uses those initials .
Huh ?
Like WTF ! If I had an enemy named " Walter Theodore Freemont " I could invent WTF and then he'd be annoyed .
But WTF is already an invented acronym .
I know ! It was an example , GEEZ .
I'm going to invent a NEW acronym that goes along with some enemy's initials , then ensure it gets super popular ! Revenge : COMPLETED .
It seems like it'd be way easier to just make enemies with one W . T . Freemont that to try to direct the acronymic course of an entire language ! IMHO .
Oh my God , people who say " IMHO " in real life are just - Utahraptor ? I am having trouble dealing with our friendship at the moment .
Man , Dromiceiomimus has been looking fantastic lately ! I would DEFINITELY rate her current attractiveness as AT LEAST a nine point five on ten ! !
I -
Hah ! This is what you get for thinking out loud , my friend !
Man !
I should've went with it when I saw her ; stopping in mid - sentence just admits guilt . I should've said , " That's right , Dromiceiomimus ! YOU HAVE BEEN LOOKING GREAT LATELY . "
Except you didn't rate her a perfect ten .
Only because I always reserve point five for emergencies ! !
A HYPOTHETICAL EXAMPLE OF AN EMERGENCY :
Dromiceiomimus , you're a perfect 9 . 5 on 10 !
But what if I . . . dressed up like a flapper , and said " Here's the news ? "
That's a perfect ten and luckily I reserved some extra points for this scenario , listen I gotta go lie down .
Man , Dromiceiomimus has been looking fantastic lately ! I would DEFINITELY rate her current attractiveness as AT LEAST a nine point five on ten ! !
I -
Hah ! This is what you get for thinking out loud , my friend !
Man !
I should've went with it when I saw her ; stopping in mid - sentence just admits guilt . I should've said , " That's right , Dromiceiomimus ! YOU HAVE BEEN LOOKING GREAT LATELY . "
Except you didn't rate her a perfect ten .
Only because I always reserve point five for emergencies ! !
A HYPOTHETICAL EXAMPLE OF AN EMERGENCY :
Dromiceiomimus , you're a perfect 9 . 5 on 10 !
But what if I . . . dressed up like a flapper , and said " Here's the news ? "
That's a perfect ten and luckily I reserved some extra points for this scenario , listen I gotta go lie down .
Most detective stories reveal clues to the reader as they progress through the book , allowing them to unravel the mystery with the characters , and , if they're good , figure out the mystery before the detective does !
Not my detective story , you guys ! !
My detective doesn't show all the clues to the reader ! He's always detecting stuff that the reader doesn't know and can't know , and at the end when he figures out the mastery , he arrests the murderer for reasons that we aren't privy to and that no careful reading of the text will ever reveal .
The end !
Sounds pretty boring AND frustrating , T - Rex !
It's not ! I added in some NARRATIVE TENSION too !
AS the story progresses , the narrator increasingly gives up on mystery ever being solved , and instead of describing the actions of the detective , indulges his interest in interior decoration and describes the curtains on the wall .
Riveting !
It is !
I call my tale , " The Stabby Murderer Who Got Detected , Or , Wow Will You Look At These Curtains ? "
Man , they say to write what you know , but I think they're just jealous of my awesome imagination !
Most detective stories reveal clues to the reader as they progress through the book , allowing them to unravel the mystery with the characters , and , if they're good , figure out the mystery before the detective does !
Not my detective story , you guys ! !
My detective doesn't show all the clues to the reader ! He's always detecting stuff that the reader doesn't know and can't know , and at the end when he figures out the mastery , he arrests the murderer for reasons that we aren't privy to and that no careful reading of the text will ever reveal .
The end !
Sounds pretty boring AND frustrating , T - Rex !
It's not ! I added in some NARRATIVE TENSION too !
AS the story progresses , the narrator increasingly gives up on mystery ever being solved , and instead of describing the actions of the detective , indulges his interest in interior decoration and describes the curtains on the wall .
Riveting !
It is !
I call my tale , " The Stabby Murderer Who Got Detected , Or , Wow Will You Look At These Curtains ? "
Man , they say to write what you know , but I think they're just jealous of my awesome imagination !
Yep !
Pretty sure I just ate some spider eggs ! !
There were gross red egg - sac things at the bottom of my drink , Dromiceiomimus ! And I thought " Gross " and then I said " At least I didn't consume any of them though ! " and then I forgot about how you should never say things like that because then I found some sacs stuck between my teeth too .
Gross !
I KNOW
You can either be optimistic or pessimistic about this , T - Rex !
Today , my friend , I choose pessimism !
Maybe THESE are the spiders who thrive on stomach acid ! Maybe in a week I'll be vomiting up millions of tiny red spiders , over and over again . And maybe that won't be enough , and the rest will eat their way out , tunneling through my stomach , muscles , and finally , skin .
Gah !
LATER :
Pessimists say that by expecting the worst , they're pleasantly surprised when things don't go that badly ! I thought I'd give it a try , but honestly . . .
I don't think pessimists are imagining hard enough
Man , speaking of pessimism , you know who's pessimistic ?
Arthur Friggin' Schopenhauer !
Not only did A . F . S . not believe that this is the best of all possible worlds , he supplied a proof that this is , in fact , the WORST of all possible worlds ! First he assumed that the worst possible world would be sustainable , since if it ended , nobody would be around to suffer . Prolonged suffering across millenia beats instant death !
Clearly !
CLEARLY .
Then he observed that our world is good enough to support life , but just barely !
Life's everywhere , man !
Sure , but one small shift in orbit , a slight change in temperature , and it's a catastrophe on a global scale . There's no wiggle room ; if our fragile world was only a little worse there would be no life on it at all !
Therefore ours is the worst of all possible worlds ?
Yep ! Because any worse and it wouldn't be a world , it would just be an empty planet without suffering , and nature ABHORS an empty planet without suffering .
Anyway !
I believe it was after this proof that A . F . S . added the " Friggin' " to his name !
LITERARY TECHNIQUE COMICS
today's technique : LEITWORTSTIL
Today is a good day I think for leitwortstil !
Leitwortstil is the purposeful repetition of words or phrases in a story , you guys !
For example , a dog might always be described as " that wacky jerk " in a story , to underline what a wacky jerk that dog turned out to be . Or in a collection of stories , the same phrase might appear in each story , which helps tie them together as a whole ! Leitwortstil ALSO happens when a character says the same word over and over and over again .
You mean like a catch phrase ?
Sure !
I'm not sure that counts as leitwortstil , does it ? If it's just someone saying " Gee golly jeepers ! " , and there's no theme or motif associated with it - then it's just there for laughs , isn't it ?
My friend , I believe you are unfortunately TOTES WRONG on this one !
MEANWHILE IN TUDOR ENGLAND
I stubbed my toe ! Frig frig frig frig frig ! . . . Hey , Shakespeare ! I just leitwortstiled " frig " !
t - rex i am from when " rowboat " could be spelled " rhowbhoatte " and even i don't think that's a word
. . . I think it's broken !
I'm not afraid to admit it : I've nurtured some talents and have become particularly good at certain things .
For example : stomping on things !
I am really good at stomping on things . Years of practice have enabled me to put my foot above an object , shift my weight to the foot with force , and thus compress whatever is beneath my foot . And should I see someone struggling with stomping , something SO HARD for them and yet so easy for me , I would gladly help them out !
Assuming they want it , of course .
Of course !
And you agree that this is the right thing for me to do , assuming nobody is hurt through the stomping .
Absolutely .
. . .
But I'm STILL not cleaning raccoon poop off your porch , T - Rex !
UTAHRAPTOR we just LOGICALLY PROVED that if raccoon poop makes me puke and you can handle it fine , then you should be the one cleaning it ! !
Please , Utahraptor , I -
I can't handle the fact that my neighbours are poopy raccoons
People who say " Always be true to yourself " fail to consider that there are completely unrepentant murderers .
That's right , I said it ! Some people's true selves are total chumps !
I would like it if the chumpified chicks and dudes were true to other selves , please .
There's lots of good ones .
. . . Batman's an obvious choice .
Shakespeare wrote it , didn't he ? " To thine own self be true " ?
Sure !
But Shakespeare wrote it for a CHARACTER , which doesn't mean that he personally believed it . You can write a story about a mad scientist and not actually want to wear retro aviator goggles all the time .
You can ?
I mean , the RHETORICAL " you " can .
* sigh *
Time for some new punctuation marks , bitches ! !
And double exclamation marks don't count , bitches ! !
I thought we'd agreed - on your urging , actually - that we'd all be saying " bitches " less .
That's right , britches ! !
See , that's still basically " bitches " .
I concede the point easily , backstitches ! !
So , new punctuation marks ?
Yes ! New punctuation marks !
Okay , so I want one that conveys all the sass of saying " x , bitches ! ! " without the casual cussing and for any value of x . I want punctuation that when read causes all readers - regardless of who or when they are - to whisper a frank and awed " oh snap ! "
So invent it and convince everyone it's a good idea !
Utahraptor , were you using my new punctuation there ? Did you mean to convey " Convince everyone it's a good idea , bitches ! ! " ?
Nope !
Okay !
It's just - I don't really know what it sounds like yet
Maslow was a dude who put all of our needs and desires into a hierarchy ! The whole idea was that you can't satisfy any desire at the top of the hierarchy until you satisfy those beneath it .
Nice going , Maslow !
At the top is SELF ACTUALIZATION , which sounds pretty great , right ? Except you can't get there unless you've already satisfied the level beneath it , which is esteem . And you don't get esteem - both self and from others - without relationships , and you don't worry about friggin' relationships until your basic safety needs are met . And finally , you don't worry about basic safety if you need to poop !
" You don't worry about basic safety if you need to poop . "
Maslow said it , not me !
Well , he said the gist of it .
He did , did he ?
Okay , no , but he DID come up with the theoretical framework that allows a phrase such as mine to be reasonably constructed in a meaningful context .
Don't look at me like that , Utahraptor ! If my life's work is only used by some guy decades down the line to crack wise about poopin' , I'll count myself as one lucky dude with one awesome legacy .
I set 'em up , future generations knock 'em down !
Today is the day I give Dromiceiomimus the nice book I bought for her !
Yes ! I am the thoughtful friend who buys presents for no reason !
And even though sometimes I talk so much that I don't let her get a word in edgewise , I'm still happy to give her the book I got , called " I'll Talk Less And Listen More : A Book To Give A Friend Who Is Pretty Okay , More Than Pretty Okay , Even ! "
* sigh *
Utahraptor , I bought you some shoes !
Really ? Wow ! What size ?
I asked for size AWESOME ! . . . And then I clarified that down to a size large . Here you go , my friend ! Thanks for being so great !
* sigh *
The thing is , if I were real , I think we both know that I'd never have the time to hang out with a NON crime - fighting dinosaur .
. . .
* sigh *
Dollars for sale ! DOLLARS FOR SALE !
Dollars for sale , you guys !
Dollars for sale in an auction where everyone pays their highest bid , whether or not they win !
So when you bid 1 cent , Dromiceiomimus - FOR A PERFECTLY LEGITIMATE DOLLAR - you'll be getting a great deal and you'll make a profit of 99 cents ! But watch out , because if Utahraptor outbids you with 2 cents , then you could lose your penny ! Remember you have to pay your high bid either way .
So it's in my interest to outbid him with 3 cents : that way I can at least make a profit of 97 cents !
But then I'll just outbid her with the exact same motivation !
True !
But then - if Dromiceiomimus bids 98 cents , I'll bid 99 . Then she has to decide whether to bid $ 1 : if she doesn't , she loses 98 cents , but if she does , she'll break even . So she does , and I'm left with the choice of either losing my 99 cents , or of bidding $ 1 . 01 and then only losing 1 cent .
So I bid more than the dollar is worth , just to minimize my losses ! And it keeps on going , and we both end up bankrupt ! This is the worst ever auction , and I'm not bidding .
Would you say . . . " The only winning move is not to play ? "
No , I think that movie's been referenced enough lately
T - REX GUESS WHAT YOU HAVE TO FILL IN FOR A TEN YEAR OLD GIRL TODAY
Hah !
. . . What ?
ONLY FOR A FEW HOURS THOUGH OKAY
I don't understand !
WHAT IS NOT TO UNDERSTAND ABOUT THIS YOU'LL BE FILLING IN FOR A TEN YEAR OLD GIRL SO I NEED YOU TO TALK TO HER FRIENDS ABOUT TEN YEAR OLD GIRL STUFF LIKE I DON'T KNOW PONIES
WAS THAT SEXIST
LISTEN I DIDN'T MEAN FOR THAT TO BE SEXIST
So - I guess I'm a 10 year old girl now ?
What ?
Listen , man : I don't know . God told me I would be filling in for a ten year old girl today , so here I am .
You're sure he didn't tell you , I don't know , that you're special ? To be excellent to others ?
Nope ! He said " DUDE FILL IN FOR A TEN YEAR OLD GIRL "
T - REX I SAID " FILL IN FOR A TEN YEAR OLD SQUIRREL "
You didn't ! Whatever ; I heard you clearly .
OKAY BUY NOW I'M SAYING FILL IN FOR A TEN YEAR OLD SQUIRREL .
IT WILL BE HILARIOUS
OH MAN
PROVABLY HILARIOUS
T - REX GUESS WHAT YOU HAVE TO FILL IN FOR A TEN YEAR OLD GIRL TODAY
Hah !
. . . What ?
ONLY FOR A FEW HOURS THOUGH OKAY
I don't understand !
WHAT IS NOT TO UNDERSTAND ABOUT THIS YOU'LL BE FILLING IN FOR A TEN YEAR OLD GIRL SO I NEED YOU TO TALK TO HER FRIENDS ABOUT TEN YEAR OLD GIRL STUFF LIKE I DON'T KNOW PONIES
WAS THAT SEXIST
LISTEN I DIDN'T MEAN FOR THAT TO BE SEXIST
So - I guess I'm a 10 year old girl now ?
What ?
Listen , man : I don't know . God told me I would be filling in for a ten year old girl today , so here I am .
You're sure he didn't tell you , I don't know , that you're special ? To be excellent to others ?
Nope ! He said " DUDE FILL IN FOR A TEN YEAR OLD GIRL "
T - REX I SAID " FILL IN FOR A TEN YEAR OLD SQUIRREL "
You didn't ! Whatever ; I heard you clearly .
OKAY BUY NOW I'M SAYING FILL IN FOR A TEN YEAR OLD SQUIRREL .
IT WILL BE HILARIOUS
OH MAN
PROVABLY HILARIOUS
You know those guys who die in really stupid , preventable ways that are entirely their fault ? I'm pretty sure there's like a billion different timelines where I'M that guy !
I'm sure there's not a BILLION of them , T - Rex .
Hah !
Dromiceiomimus , just recently this dude was found dead with shards of glass in his heart ! You know what happened ? His new lava lamp was taking TOO FRIGGIN' LONG to warm up , so he put it on his stove and heated it , and it got too hot and exploded on him and he died .
Whoah ! That's terrible .
I know ! And I'm not the only one who heard that story and thought , " Wow ; glad he got the lava lamp before I did . "
A man died , T - Rex ! That's not funny !
Utahraptor , I'm not joking !
I truly believe I could've been the one who died . The sort of thing he did is exactly the sort of thing you do when you're home alone and frustrated with a lava lamp ! You SOLVE PROBLEMS .
And sometimes you die .
Yes ! But we recognize that one dies so that others may live .
By we , I mean of course the membership of the People Who When They Hear A Story About An Avoidable And Crazy Death , Laugh As Is Expected Of Them And Then Make A Mental Note To Not Do That Thing Anymore .
Our slogan is " Hi , you are probably already a member of our awesome club ! "
Attention everyone ! I have some terrible news !
It turns out that we never get good at splitting the bill !
Aw man , seriously ? ! We never get that one figured out ?
Dromiceiomimus , I ate dinner with a group of 40 - YEAR - OLDS over the weekend . And guess which table was over A THIRD short on the bill ? OH HEY , IT WAS OUR TABLE !
Maaaaaaaaan
I always thought we'd eventually figure that out !
I know ! ME TOO .
But apparently adding up the cost of your items while also including tax and tip remains and UNKNOWABLE DARK MAGICK even at 40 . I'm dining tonight to see if it ever gets any better .
Good luck !
Thanks !
THE NEXT DAY :
Utahraptor , the 80 - year - olds paid the bill perfectly !
Holy crap !
I know ! AND they get to be referred to by the mass noun " elderlies " !
TOTALLY looking forward to being an old guy over here !
Today is the day , my friends ! Yes ! FINALLY . Today is the day !
Today is the day we mess with people who have tattoos !
Dromiceiomimus , did you hear that if you have a bird tattoo , it means that you're big into hugs ? Giving , receiving , watching , it's all good to you !
Really ! Why the bird ?
It stands for " I will flip the bird RIGHT NOW to anyone who doesn't like hugs ; I'm not even joking . "
Interesting ! And also true !
I heard that tattoos with the letter " h " in them . . .
. . . Yes ?
Well , I heard that an " h " in any tattoo is short for " Hey , Ask Me About My Sexual History " , and a second " h " on the body is short for " Hey , Some Of It Is Personal Though , Okay ? "
And a third " h " ?
" Hooray for the Huxtables . "
NOTE FOR FUTURE PEOPLE WHO COME ACROSS THIS COMIC :
The Huxtables were a family on a TV show . TV is what we had before we got video in our brains ! And everyone who read this comic when it first came out was really great , even if we're all dead now .
. . . What's the future like ?
HEY T - REX YOU KINDA SHOULDN'T TEASE PEOPLE WITH TATTOOS
Huh ?
Why not ? !
WELL IN SOME CULTURES TATTOOS ARE REALLY SIGNIFICANT AND MEAN MORE THAN JUST " HEY GUYS SO LOOK I HAD SOME EXTRA MONEY "
I GOT A TATTOO YOU KNOW
You do ?
YEAH IT'S PRETTY GREAT IT'S A PICTURE OF A HORSE AND UNDERNEATH ARE THE WORDS " NATURE'S DOMINOES "
What the hell ? ! That was my idea !
What was your idea ?
The idea that horses are nature's dominoes ! I had that idea like 5 years ago ! GOD TOTALLY STOLE MY IDEA AND GOT IT AS A TATTOO .
God can get tattoos ?
Um , according to some religions , GOD CAN DO ANYTHING ? ?
Not mine though ! In MY religion , God now has to pay me royalties every time anyone sees his tattoo !
T - REX IN MY RELIGION YOU HAVE TO STOP COMPLAINING SO MUCH
LET ME TELL YOU ALL JOKING ASIDE
IT'S THE BEST RELIGION
Maybe there IS actually a personal benefit to being mortal and dying one day .
I know , IT SOUNDS CRAZY , but stay with me !
We mortal people get an end to pain that immortal dudes never get . Unlike immortal dudes , there's a finite number of times I'm going to stub my toe so hard that it breaks . One time I'll stub my toe and it'll break and I'll be able to say , " There , that's done with . I'm never stubbing my toe THAT friggin' hard again . I can finally put this TOTALLY RIDICULOUS aspect of being alive behind me . " - even if I could never know it at the time !
One time when you say it , you'll have to be right !
Exactly !
So now when something bad happens , I'll assume I'll die soon , so it's the last time it'll ever happen to me . I'll be able to sigh and just let it go .
" That's the last time I'm puking into my crotch " ?
Exactly ! I'm not stubbing THESE toes any more !
LATER :
FRIG I STUBBED MY TOES AGAIN !
WHAT
IS
THE
DEAL
WITH
STUBBED TOES THAT HURT REALLY BAD
I am a man who doesn't know a lot of basic things about himself . I barely know what colour my eyes are !
O - Orange ? Deep saffron ? GAMBOGE ?
But there's tons of other stuff I've never bothered to memorize too ! What's my blood type ? Social insurance number ? Hat Size ? The thing is , Dromiceiomimus , responding " Yes please " on a questionnaire only works for SOME of these questions .
So memorize them , T - Rex ! You're an adult now . Your hat size isn't going to change .
You know what ? She's right ! I should memorize these things .
I agree !
I can see not knowing them as a child , but if you're going to be an adult , you need to know at least some of this stuff .
Well , I'm going to be an adult , Utahraptor ! I'm going to memorize ALL SORTS of useful facts about my body !
LATER : T - REX HAS FAILED TO MEMORIZE ANY NEW FACTS ABOUT HIMSELF
Whatever , dudes ! !
I decided I wanted life to have some mystery .
I'm pretty sure I could be an amazing dentist , you guys !
In fact , I'm pretty sure I'm ALREADY an amazing dentist , you guys !
I've got good teeth and it occurs to me that I'M the one who brushes my teeth every day and night . I'm TOTALLY RESPONSIBLE for all the day - to - day oral hygiene that goes on in my awesome mouth !
My dentist is more of a - supervisor , you know ? I check in with him once a year and he gives me some pointers . Then , I pay him for the pointers .
The only reason you can do some of it yourself is that there's a whole dentistry infrastructure supporting you , my friend !
You buy toothbrushes and toothpaste pre - made , each with thousands of hours of engineering and design put into them and all with the goal of ensuring oral hygiene even when in the hands of an amateur . You're not a dentist , man ! You're just some dude who has learnt to press " play " on the VCR of modern dentistry .
. . .
Analogously .
OHHHHHHHHHH
Mylings are Scandinavian ghosts ! They're way better than regular ghosts , you guys !
They're the ghosts of cheezed - off kids !
They're cheezed - off ghost kids who just want to be buried properly . And if you encounter one , it hops on your back and demands to be taken to the nearest graveyard . And as you approach the graveyard they grow heavier and heavier , until they're so heavy that you can sink into the ground under their weight . And if that happens then they kill you in a rage and try again with the next guy !
AWESOME .
What's awesome ? It's awesome to be dead ?
Man , who knows ? !
But what IS awesome is the idea of a ghost who just wants to be buried , but who , despite this one consuming desire , also can't resist pulling the old " increasing mass piggyback ride " prank .
I get the sense you empathize with these ghosts a lot .
Oh man , I totally do !
If I could increase my mass , you can bet I'd be going for gag piggyback rides ALL THE TIME ! As it stands though , all I can do is eat fruit from passing trees DURING the ride .
I see .
Yeah , it definitely takes too long
I'm totally going to fake my own death today .
Everyone , don't tell anyone ! !
I've got it all set up . My diary today says " I think SOMEONE's gonna murder me today ! " and I've made YouTube comments that say " pretty sure someone wants to murder me > : | " and there won't be a body in my house , just a note that says " MAN I guess I got murdered , huh ? " .
Those sound like pretty suspicious circumstances , T - Rex !
The only thing suspicious is how APPARENTLY perfect my murder is !
And that's still suspicious !
Listen , you want to fake your death , you've got to do it right , with none of this way - too - obvious note stuff . Let's stop joking around here and get down to business .
I - okay ?
Good .
We're doing this , man . We're making this happen .
Man , what if I just paid my late fees instead
David Hilbert was a mathematician and hotelier who was born in 1892 . He built an infinite hotel , you guys !
THE INFINITE HOTEL
A TRUE STORY
So Hilbert built this infinite hotel that was infinitely big and had infinitely many rooms ; I believe this was a matter of some investment . But build it he did , and soon after a bus with infinity people in it showed up , with each of them wanting a room ! Lucky for Hilbert he had his infinite hotel , so each guest got a room , and the hotel was filled up to capacity . Nice ! But just then another friggin' bus showed up , and it ALSO had infinity people in it !
Nobody builds for TWO infinite buses showing up right after the other !
Turns out they do !
He just told every guest already there to move into the room that was double their current room number . So the guest in room 3 moved into room 6 , and so on ! Thus , only the even - numbered rooms were occupied , and everyone on the new bus could have an odd - numbered room !
Amazing !
Yep ! Anyway !
It's my understanding that he died an infinitely rich man infinity years later
HISTORY'S CHUMPS
History if full of chumps , you guys ! !
Today's historical chump is William H . Mumler ( born 1832 ) , who was a photographer guy who did portraits ! Only he wasn't very good photographer guy because one time he accidentally double - exposed some film , and the resulting image showed the one portrait clearly but also showed a ghostly image of the other portrait !
So he threw away the photo and reminded himself not make that dumb mistake anymore ?
Nope !
Instead he embarked on a career as a SPIRIT PHOTOGRAPHER and made a lot of money duping a lot of people , including Abraham Lincoln's widow . Only , peopleeventually started to notice that his " ghosts " looked an awful lot like living people around town !
Hah ! Whoops !
They ALSO eventually noticed how he was breaking into their houses so he could look at photographs and figure out what his ghosts were supposed to look like . Anyway like everyone else from history he eventually died and now his entire life has been compressed to a short story , the end !
IT'S TIME FOR ROMANCE TIPS WITH T - REX
Yes ! Today is the day for some tips on how to convince yourself that no matter what you'll never find anyone bett -
Okay ! Today is the day for some tips on being romantic !
Flowers are nice , for all sexes and genders ! They're pretty and also - smell pretty ? Also ! It can be romantic to tell someone you love them . Also , um .
Okay , so here's the thing . Probably there is someone out there who's better suited with you . The odds of you both having found the ONE person who's absolutely best for you , no matter what system you use to rank " bestness " , are pretty small .
But !
But ?
BUT .
Let's say you're happy with person A ( 95 % perfect ) and you meet person B who is 99 % perfect . It doesn't make sense to leave person A for B if you've been with them for years ! You lose out on all your shared history , and that's like a times two multiplier !
Romance ?
Romance with a times two multiplier !
OKAY SO
ROMANCE TIPS WITH T - REX WAS A TERRIBLE IDEA
. . . Righty - o
Some folks got opinions , you guys !
Some folks got opinions on what their genitals should be called , you guys !
BY WAY OF AN EXAMPLE , " vagina " comes from Latin , where it means " sheath " - as in something that goes around a sword ! And some people are like , check it , MY vagina does tons more than the passive " sheath " implies , so let's call it something else !
" Check it " ?
That's what some people are like , Dromiceiomimus ! !
But lots of the alternative names can be considered obscene , can't they ?
Yep !
But they can also be entirely free from any quasi - insulting Latinate etymology the other words have . There's people trying to reclaim these currently - taboo words in the same way " queer " was !
Neat ! But largely irrelevant to us , as our reproduction is not through vaginal intercourse !
AS YOU KNOW , we achieve intercourse through a cloacal kiss , the cloaca being of course our single shared intestinal , urinary , AND reproductive tract opening !
Yes , of course ! * sigh *
It is extremely erotic
Some folks got opinions , you guys !
Some folks got opinions on what their genitals should be called , you guys !
BY WAY OF AN EXAMPLE , " vagina " comes from Latin , where it means " sheath " - as in something that goes around a sword ! And some people are like , check it , MY vagina does tons more than the passive " sheath " implies , so let's call it something else !
" Check it " ?
That's what some people are like , Dromiceiomimus ! !
But lots of the alternative names can be considered obscene , can't they ?
Yep !
But they can also be entirely free from any quasi - insulting Latinate etymology the other words have . There's people trying to reclaim these currently - taboo words in the same way " queer " was !
Neat ! But largely irrelevant to us , as our reproduction is not done through vaginal intercourse !
AS YOU KNOW , we achieve intercourse through a cloacal kiss , the cloaca being of course our single shared intestinal , urinary , AND reproductive tract opening !
Yes , of course ! * sigh *
It is extremely erotic
What's that , computer ? Updates are available to be installed ?
FRIG YES
I love friggin' updates ! Why doesn't my computer do everything perfectly right now ? Because if it did , I wouldn't get the joy of friggin' updating all the time !
Maybe something that used to work won't work anymore !
FRIG that'd be awesome . I love fixing stuff I didn't even break ! !
Did you hear that friggin' updates are available to be installed , T - Rex ?
I sure friggin' did ! !
We'll be saying this when we're 50 years old , you know . We'll still be installing friggin' updates .
Or maybe updates will be installed without even telling us , so when things break it'll be a big surprise each time with no friggin' discernable cause !
Oh frig ! I think the future just got awesome !
Frig , right ?
For a second there , I was worried the future wouldn't have the word " frig " written all over it ! !
Say a friggin' word enough , and it loses all friggin' meaning !
SEMANTIC SATIATION
" Frig " is a bad example though because that word is great . But we've all spent an afternoon saying something like " waterpark " over and over until there's nothing there , just sounds , just the empty shell of a word , waterpark , the oral equivalent of a forgotten childhood toy found in adulthood , now strange and alien and no longer coloured by desire , by anything , waterpark . Did the word ever really have any meaning ?
I think it's happening to me ! Waterpark , waterpark , waterpark .
Waterpark , Utahraptor !
It's due to a repeated firing of the same cortex area which causes a reduction in the waterpark intensity , right ? Waterpark .
It's too late to ask how or why . We're done for , Utahraptor . This is where our waterpark story ends .
LATER :
Utahraptor , I overdosed on semantic satiation ! The word " waterpark " has been sandblasted right out of my mind !
How'd you use it just now ?
That was the last instance I had !
. . . what word ?
The words for " mother " and " father " are really similar , if not identical , across tons of languages ! And the reason isn't because the languages are closely related . It's due to a way more awesome reason !
It's because parents totally assume their babies are talking about them !
It's so amazing : " ma " , " pa " are some of the first and easiest language - like sounds babbling babies make - and what's the word for " mother " in English ? " Mama " ! And it's also " mama " in Dutch , and in Romanian , and in Catalan , Slovak , Quechu , Romanian , Chinese , German , Russian , and MORE . The languages have evolved such that the first language noise a baby makes sounds like it's saying " Hey mom , what's up ? "
And dads make the seam deal too ! " Papa " is in English , Cree , and Hindi !
Neat !
It's kinda awesome that these words are built to flatter new parents .
Man , it's great ! Across language , time , and entire civilizations , we're united by pointing at our babbling babies and saying , " Yes . This child is DEFINITELY talking about me . "
Hooray for egoism !
Our bodies are amazing things !
Check it , Everyone !
We use our mouths to talk . We invent , remember and teach entire languages with which to do the talking ! And if that fails , We can TALK WITH OUR HANDS . We build planes and boats and cars and spaceships , all by either using our bodies directly , or by using instruments invented by our bodies . We compose beautiful music and tell amazing stories , all with our bodies , these fleshy bags with spooky skeletons inside !
And yet . . .
And yet ?
And yet , if we have a severe enough peanut allergy , we can be killed IN SECONDS by a single friggin' legume . And hey , 70 % of our planet's surface is water , but what happens if we spend too much time in it ? WE DROWN .
Game over !
Game over , man !
I used to make fun of Green Lantern for being vulnerable to the colour yellow ! Then I choked on my orange juice one morning and nearly suffocated .
. . .
* sigh *
Last night I dreamt I was preparing to buy a boat , and by " preparing to " I mean " stressing out about the confusing but necessary paperwork in order to " .
Major snorefest !
And I am not one to say " major snorefest " lightly , Dromiceiomimus !
It's one of the reasons we're friends !
Exactly ! But it helped me realize : even when I'm dreaming of interesting things like zombies or sexin' , it's still kinda disappointing .
Man , what's wrong with zombies and sexin' ?
Folks have already imagined those things ! !
I want to dream about things I CAN'T otherwise experience : new colours and impossible shapes and sounds my ears could never process ! In dreams my brain is decoupled from my limited senses ; why doesn't it get ON this ?
Sounds like you should be taking this up with your brain , not with me !
FINE
Hey brain , this is me , the conscious part !
Listen
I would like more dreams in UHF please
Today is the day I cook a meal for all my friends ! You're coming , right God ?
YEP FOR SURE I LOVE TO EAT MY CREATIONS
. . . Okay , great !
Dromiceiomimus you're coming too , right ?
Sure ! What are you making ?
A themed dish for every guest ! Yours is on the theme " vegetarian ornithomimidae "
Appropiate !
Oooh ! What's my dish's theme ?
" Gay " .
It'll be delicious ! " Here's some gay " , I'll say ! " Eat up ! "
I'm not sure if that's offensive . I think it might be offensive ! Maybe ? I guess it depends on what food you think best represents " gay " .
LATER :
Well ? Do you like it ?
It's a box of Cap'n Crunch cereal , and inside the box you put a note that says " DUDES " .
. . .
Utahraptor your theme was REALLY TOUGH
GREETINGS T - REX LET'S REMAKE SOME CLASSIC VIDEO GAMES
With new graphics ?
WITH NEW GRAPHICS DELIVERING ASTOUNDING NEW VISTAS NEVER BEFORE SEEN
ALSO WITH STEREOPHONIC SOUNDS
At the very least ! !
AND LET US ENSURE THE CORE GAMEPLAY MECHANIC IS PRESENT AND UNMOLESTED
Maybe we could tweak it a bit though : advance it for the times !
WHAT EXCUSE ME T - REX BUT IF YOU WANT TO MESS WITH GAMEPLAY WHY BOTHER REMAKING A CLASSIC GAME
DO NOT BOTHER ANSWERING THAT QUESTION FOR THERE EXISTS NO ANSWER THAT CAN GIVE ANY SATISFACTION
Aw man , things were going so well with the Devil for once !
What happened ?
I suggested changing the gameplay mechanics while remaking an old game .
Why bother remaking a game if you're just going to change it ?
I know , I know , I shouldn't answer that question , there exists no answer that can give any satisfaction .
T - REX I WOULD REQUEST AN INTRODUCTION TO YOUR FRIEND UTAHRAPTOR
He's right there ; just talk to him !
I'VE TRIED
EITHER HE DIDN'T HEAR ME OR HE BELIEVED THAT THE MOST ILLUMINATING ANSWER TO MY QUESTIONS WAS TO CONTINUE EATING CORN
When someone accidentally gets sent to the past , they always make sure to write a letter held in trust and delivered to their friends decades later , telling them that they made it alright !
Pretty disappointed this hasn't happened to me yet , you guys ! !
MAYBE this letter will still be delivered to me in the future , but I'll be older then ! If I'm to do anything about it - if I'm to go back and Save My Friend - I should be getting the letter now , when I'm in my prime !
Maybe the letter arrives when you're old because if you get it any sooner , you mess up in your rescue attempt and die ! Or worse !
Huh ! I hadn't thought of that !
Man , you should !
The letter probably says " Dear T - Rex , okay , let's try this again . You'll get this when you're 80 , let's see if you can come back and save me without stepping on ALL the butterflies this time , alright bitches ? ? "
* gasp *
No friend of MINE would commit a cuss like that to writing !
LATER , T - REX TRIES IT AND COMMITS SOME CUSSES TO WRITING !
Nothing bad happened !
I don't understand .
I have led my life believing that people who write down cuss words have bad things happen to them .
And it has worked out really well so far !
When I saw someone writing a cuss , I would think " It's okay , that person will have troubles down the line because of that , and then they'll realize why , and then they'll know not to write down cusses anymore . They will have learnt their lesson . " But I wrote down some cusses last night and nothing bad happened !
Nothing !
Maybe it was the cusses you chose ?
That's what I thought !
But after smaller cusses didn't take , I worked up to the bigger ones . And even they weren't doing anything ! By the time it was time for bed , I was writing out things like " PROFESSOR CUNTBURGLAR " in my notebook , complete with doodled 3D effects !
And still no response , huh ? Weird !
I know ! But then I realized there's probably a delay , so when a bunch of birds poop on my head later on this week I'm not going to wonder why .
Look for me , I'll be the guy shielding my head with one hand while shouting " Don't worry everyone ! I deserve this ! ! "
Which guy just totally shredded his phone bill ? Oh snap , looks like it was THIS guy !
I'm a dude with a shredder now , ladies ! !
I paid my phone bill and then I shredded it , and then I shredded the envelope it came in , and then I wrote some secrets down and shredded THEM . I will never get tired of shredding things with my new shredder , Dromiceiomimus ! I do hereby solemnly vow and affirm that I will be big into shredders until the day I die ! I swear it !
Okay
Vows are meant to be saved for the big things , man !
This is big !
No , this is you infatuated with a consumer - grade appliance . Vows are for when you get married , swear revenge on the death of a loved one , or become Batman ! And even that is just a special case of the revenge one .
Not anymore , Utahraptor ! ! " I vow " is the new " I swear to God " !
SOON :
Oh my God , this radio station sucks so bad ! !
HOLY CRAP !
I VOW
THAT THERE CAN BE NONE SUCKIER
VAMPIRES CAN HAVE KIDS T - REX
Oh daaaaaaaang ! !
Why was I not informed until now ? !
Vampires can have kids , Dromiceiomimus ! They can REPRODUCE through sex !
What ? Daaaaaang !
Yeah , vampires can make more vampires either through bites OR through sex . They have an entire reproduction option that we don't have !
Kinda jealous over here !
But , they can't go out in the sun .
Yep ! There is that .
And I actually don't think the bite option is that fun anyway . Biting someone and getting their blood into your mouth ? Honestly ? I can think of like four better ways to spend a Friday night .
Name 'em .
Playing video games , eating food , hanging out with friends , and having ACTUAL SEX .
Not necessarily all at the same time , either
Oh crap ! Everybody died !
I'm the last one left on the planet !
Oh craaaaaaaaaaa -
THREE WEEKS EARLIER . . .
You know what's dumb ? MY MP3 PLAYER .
How is your MP3 player dumb , T - Rex ?
It should have one of those accelerometers or whatever in it , so it can charge itself from my motions throughout the day !
Those wouldn't generate nearly enough power !
Okay , that's dumb too !
We should have something that can turn the motion of my legs into enough electricity to keep an MP3 player charged . There , I just invented it . Someone implement it now okay ? ?
There are physical limits to what a -
OH MY GOD JUST DO IT OKAY ? ?
SORRY WE WENT A WEEK OR SO TOO FAR BACK ; THE EVENTS THAT LED TO EVERYONE DYING HAVEN'T REALLY STARTED YET
SORRY
LISTEN , THANK YOU FOR READING MY COMIC
My autobiography , by me , T - Rex ! * ahem *
I was born in the past .
But then I got older , you guys !
And I made some great friends and did some cool things . Eventually , one of these things I did was to write a book about them . And that brings us up to the present !
So ! Now I'm writing my book and stepping on this tiny woman . I'm kinda hungry ?
Oh God , live autobiography !
My friend Utahraptor is sassing this book I'm writing . He's really insulting ALL of us !
"
I'm not insulting anyone , I'm just not a fan of live autobio .
" , he said .
!
I'm not really sure how I did that ! !
I'm REALLY NOT SURE how that happened
For every action , there is an equal and opposite reaction .
That's Newton's third law o' motion !
And it means that when I slam into a wall and bounce off and hurt myself , I'm not sore because the wall is solid . I'm sore because the wall hits me - LITERALLY hits me ! The wall DECIDES to hit me back with exactly as much force as I hit it with , and I'm the one who gets hurt !
The wall hit you , but " decide " is misleading ! The wall didn't make any decisions .
Man , how do we know ? !
We call it Newton's LAW because all matter in the Universe follows it . But maybe every atom of matter in the universe is imbued with JUST enough consciousness to decide to be a retaliatory dick every chance it gets !
That's magical thinking , T - Rex .
Utahraptor , I can live in a world of immutable scientific laws , or I can live in a world where I need to revenge myself on my kitchen floor because it smashed up a glass I dropped .
Wait , when I put it that way it sounds kinda dumb ! !
PHRASES THAT MEAN NOTHING COMICS
" INSPIRED BY A TRUE STORY "
Anything can be " inspired " by a true story ! One day I pooped to the moon .
INSPIRED BY A TRUE STORY ? ?
" AWARD - WINNING "
There are awards for everything awarded by everyone , and if you don't specify I'm going to assume you won the " Worse Than Hitler Award For Real Terribleness " . Unless it's the Nobel or the Pulitzer I'm really not interested !
Hey T - Rex , want to try my Pultizer - prize winning clam chowder ?
Yes ! See ? YES .
THAT'S the sort of dinner experience that gets people's attention . That is the sort of dinner experience you put on your resume ! !
Proudly ! !
SOON :
This chowder is good , but now I'm uncomfortably remembering how they only give out Pulitzers for books and stuff . No chowders .
The story of how delicious this chowder IS is what won the award .
Of course ! !
So , hey , it turns out you can nominate yourself for a Pulitzer prize .
And it only costs fifty bucks !
This is AMAZING , Dromiceiomimus ! Anything I write can be entered for a PULITZER PRIZE !
While technically true , T - Rex , the awards are for Americans only , and most of the prizes are for reporting .
I'm not trying to WIN it , Dromiceiomimus . I'm just trying to drop " so hey , my DIARY is in the running for a Pulitzer Prize " into conversation !
Maybe I'll get nominated for a Nobel prize soon too !
They privately ask scientists for nominations .
NO PROBLEM ! We're tight with some scientists , right ? Heck , we're tight with PROFESSOR SCIENCE . if anyone can nominate us for a Nobel prize , it's him !
" We " ? I'm included in this ?
" Nomination For Best Wicked Sweet Friendship Between Two Dudes " , my friend !
" Also : SCIENCE . "
BIKING TIPS FOR TEENS
Teens ! Do you love biking ? Sure You Do !
You're a teen ! !
But did you know that biking without a helmet can be dangerous ? Actually biking with a helmet can be dangerous too . Biking , regardless of helmet status , can be dangerous .
Getting out of bed can be dangerous .
Getting out of bed can be dangerous , teens ! !
Who are you talking to ? There's - there's no teens here .
But there might be teens ABOUT here !
You know , teens walking by on their way to somewhere else .
Eavesdropping teens .
Yes ! Eavesdropping teens who'll overhear our conversation and say " Holy smokes ! I'd better learn to love safety ! " and then , they go and learn to love safety .
Do they do it in the comfort of their own home ? Do they do it in the " skate park " ? Who knows ? ! They're teens !
Wow , when did you become an old man , T - Rex ?
It is something I am experimenting with
Let's say you can live in any time period in history . Which period do you choose ?
I choose the future !
Or at least , I did choose the future until I realized that things might not ACTUALLY be better down the road . If I lived 300 years from now , I could be living in a post apocalyptic time where most life has been obliterated by a catastrophic asteroid impact - an impact so large that enough dirt has been thrown into the sky to BLOCK OUT THE SUN , disrupting the entire food chain and causing mass extin -
Anyway , that's a possibility or whatever ! !
So the past is the only safe choice .
Exactly !
But then I thought , well , there's a lot we don't know about the past either . And I wouldn't want to choose a time where it turns out nobody could make poop jokes or they'd go to jail and also nobody thought to write any of this down , so the whole deal is lost to history !
So - that leaves the present ?
No , that leaves us with changing the question so we can live in any time period , real OR imagined . I choose the time when everyone's awesome knights !
. . . IN SPACE .
. . . ENCLOSED IN STARSHIPS SO WE DON'T DIE .
I used to be against people who left their Christmas lights up on their houses all year long . It was lazy , I said !
Like this :
That's LAZY !
But then I realized one of the things I most look forward to about December is going on walks at night and seeing everything lit up . And it would be rad if we did that all the time !
You don't think permanent lights are less special ?
Sure , but I don't like them because they're SPECIAL . I like them because they're awesome !
Ah yes , the ineffable appeal of an plastic snowman punctuating a July lawn !
OKAY , some folks are tacky .
But some are totally rad ! You know when the edge of a house is lined with lights , so from a distance it looks like a solid wireframe model ?
Yep !
. . . I like those ones .
LATER : T - REX'S EXTRAVAGENT CHRISTMAS LIGHTS LEAD TO A LARGE ELECTRICITY BILL
I'm so tired of all my actions having consequences !
OH MY GOD , is there SERIOUSLY no room on this planet for a dude who loves actions but hates their consequences ? ?
HI NEIGHBOUR ! CAN WE BORROW A CUP OF FLOUR ?
Gah ! What ? What for ?
T - REX , YOU -
YOU REALLY DON'T WANT TO KNOW
Man , screw those guys ! If these raccoons and cephalopods want to unsettle me , they should know that " you really don't want to know " line was NEVER scary . It's not going to work ! They need more than a cliche phrase to scare me , Dromiceiomimus !
What possible scary use could flour have ?
Exactly !
So if flour isn't scary , then MAYBE - just MAYBE - they were simply short of flour ?
Impossible .
Look , I know you want to take their side , Utahraptor , but there's no way those guys were - what , baking me a cake and suddenly ran short of flour ? They're planning something .
If I were you I'd be polite when they show up with a cake !
It's not gonna happen !
LATER :
SURPRISE , T - REX ! WE BAKED YOU A CAKE , SHAPED LIKE AN UNCANNY VALLEY VERSION OF YOU .
Huh ! Um , thanks !
AND INSTEAD OF CAKE ON THE INSIDE , THERE'S REAL ORGANS !
SOME OF THE ORGANS ARE FULL
HI NEIGHBOUR ! CAN WE BORROW A CUP OF FLOUR ?
Gah ! What ? What for ?
T - REX , YOU -
YOU REALLY DON'T WANT TO KNOW
Man , screw those guys ! If these raccoons and cephalopods want to unsettle me , they should know that " you really don't want to know " line was NEVER scary . It's not going to work ! They need more than a cliche phrase to scare me , Dromiceiomimus !
What possible scary use could flour have ?
Exactly !
So if flour isn't scary , then MAYBE - just MAYBE - they were simply short of flour ?
Impossible .
Look , I know you want to take their side , Utahraptor , but there's no way those guys were - what , baking me a cake and suddenly ran short of flour ? They're planning something .
If I were you I'd be polite when they show up with a cake !
It's not gonna happen !
LATER :
SURPRISE , T - REX ! WE BAKED YOU A CAKE , SHAPED LIKE AN UNCANNY VALLEY VERSION OF YOU .
Huh ! Um , thanks !
AND INSTEAD OF CAKE ON THE INSIDE , THERE'S REAL ORGANS !
SOME OF THE ORGANS ARE FULL
Oh frig , you guys ! !
We don't have a duress phrase !
If I'm being forced to do something against my will , I need some way to covertly communicate that to you , Dromiceiomimus ! Right now all I can say is " There is a dude here making me do stuff , and I do NOT count him among my friends " , but they'd probably pick up on that .
T - Rex , you're huge ! Who's going to force you to do anything ?
Um , ENEMIES ? ?
It IS pretty unlikely that you'd be made to call us under duress !
Maybe !
But having a phrase ready for such a situation would be SO AWESOME , USEFUL AND BADASS that we should have one anyway . Something unlikely to arouse suspicion , even in someone who knows us !
" Feed the chickens and the dog " ?
We'd need to take up chicken husbandry , just to be safe .
[ [ Speechless ] ]
Folks say things like " Apples are a delicious gift from Mother Nature " , or talk about how we can use things in the way Mother Nature intended .
That's WEIRD , you guys !
We have this " Mother Nature " metaphor that we all share but rarely consider critically , and it has all these connotations that are sublimated into our lives and thinking ! It suggests the planet tries to care for us as a mother would , sure , but it also suggests that plants and animals are provided by this mother with the intent of our nourishment , and that nature can carry parental authority !
I say we adopt some new metaphors , cats and kittens ! !
Like what ? " Father B . Planet " ?
No , that's the worst name I've ever heard .
I was thinking more like Brother Entropy or Uncle Everybodydies ! You know ? " Apples are a delicious gift from Aunt Thestrongwilleattheweak . "
" Let's restore the beach to the way Sister Therearediseasesyoucantevensee intended . "
" Climate change hurts Cousin Theplanetwontnoticeifwealldietomorrow " !
You know what'd be great ? A restaurant that serves gourmet versions of classic comfort foods , like burgers and fish and chips !
THAT'S ALREADY BEEN DONE T - REX
Aw man , really ?
Oh ! You mean it's been done in alternate timelines or in the distant past , because , as God , you have access to all possibilities ever .
NO I MEAN IT'S GOING ON RIGHT NOW
LITERALLY RIGHT NOW THERE IS A RESTAURANT 60 METERS AWAY FROM YOU THAT IS SERVING THESE EXACT DISHES
. . . Huh .
So much for original ideas , huh ?
It's okay , though !
I wasn't saying the idea to be ORIGINAL . I was saying the idea because it's a restaurant I'd like to patronize , and now that it exists , I intend to patronize it !
Alright , I'll join you .
Gourmet burgers , here we come !
SOON :
You know what'd be great , Chef ?
Patrons who don't barge into the kitchen ?
Weird , I was thinking a restaurant where you don't have to pay if you're super handsome
hey there t - rex , how are you doin' ? it's me , morris
Morris the tiny bug , it's been a while ! How are you ?
oh i'm fine , t - rex , it's very nice of you to ask
only to tell you the truth i'm not all that fine because i've been under a lot of stress lately !
Stress ? !
oh , gosh , yes , i didn't even think things could get so stressful , but then they did ! like for example i'm worried about how i'm ever gonna make friends when i get older . when you're just a kid , you've got people in your classes to hang out with and the best part is , every year you've got new classes and that means a heck of a lot of new friends ! but when you're an adult you've got a job instead of class , and people don't normally change jobs every year from what i've seen , so maybe i'm wrong but it seems like if your old friends move away and you're not friends with the folks at work , then it might be awful hard to make new friends !
Aww , Morris , that's nothing you have to worry about now !
Yeah , you won't have to deal with that until you're way older !
but doesn't it worry you fellas to have problems waiting for you like that ?
if i have a problem , my parents and role models always tell me that it's best to face it head on , rather than ignoring it and hoping it'll get better all on its own ! because sometimes , that doesn't happen , and then you've got an even bigger problem to deal with ! and that's just the worst
Well , that's right , but if you ever find yourself in this situation , you can just join a club or a team and meet new people that way !
shucks utahraptor , that's awful good advice , but wouldn't you end up liking your free time but then feeling bad taht you have to spend the biggest part of your day with folks that aren't even your friends ? and it really doesn't seem like you're allowed to ask how friendly folks are during a job interview
Morris , I guess sometimes your problems really ARE difficult !
oh gosh , t - rex
don't i know it
Plato was a philosopher guy who said perfect dudes don't exist . Rather , all dudes are the imperfect instantiations of the perfect ideal of dudes , the essential dude , intangible essence of dudeness !
Plato also said things like " I'm hungry guys , frig ! " but we're not remembering him for that right now !
Ours is an imperfect world , and as such there's no perfect dudes in it . All the dudes we have are imperfect instances - copies , if you will - of the ideal dude , who is so great he can't even EXIST .
But what about if you and I have different ideas about what the perfect dude is ?
It's just I'm - I'm pretty sure we do .
Plato really said this about . . . dudes ?
Okay , NO , not technically .
He was actually talking about everything , but that includes dudes ! I used dudes because it's an example EVERYONE can get behind .
Wouldn't circles be a better example ? We can all imagine the perfect circle , but we can't draw one .
Um , computers can ? ?
Those are pixelated if you look closely , T - Rex ! And before you say " robots can " , they still draw on some medium , and that's made of atoms .
And atoms are NATURE'S pixels ! You just proved my case for me ! Awesome !
Okay now , bring it back to dudes ! !
When a man and a woman love each other very much , they share a very special hug !
It's not always that special though , you guys !
Sometime in the past , male bedbugs realized that since they have an open circulatory system , if a female doesn't want to have sex with them they can just CRACK OPEN HER BODY and inject their sperm right into her chest , where it will eventually reach her ovaries ! And now all males have these HYPODERMIC STAB WEINERS , and the women are left with fully - functional genital tracts that are only used when it's time to deposit the eggs !
The ladies evolved some countermeasures though , didn't they ?
Yep ! In the form of EXTRA GENITALS .
They've got this paragenitalia - paragenitalia ! - on their chests that's this target for the guys , but which also limits their damage and lowers the chance of infection .
Wow .
Yeah , when people talk to me about intelligent design , I yell " BED BUGS HAVE INSTITUTIONALIZED STAB RAPES " .
That - that normally ends the conversation right there
Today I made peace with the possibility that I might never get wrapped up in a madcap case of mistaken identity .
I also made peace with the possibility that I might never have kids !
Then I made peace with the possibility that even if I HAD kids , they could grow up to be superduds . Then , I went on to make peace with the possibility that there might be somewhere out there who doesn't like Batman , and literally NOTHING can change their mind !
Today I made peace with the possibility that some people might enjoy being wrong .
Totally what I just said ! !
Today I made peace with the possibility that -
Yes ?
Well , today I made peace with the possibility that if I die tomorrow , people might not say " Such a tragedy ; he had so much potential . "
Ouch . Utahraptor , I promise I'll say it even if you die with tons of fully realized potential !
Hey , thanks !
THE NEXT DAY :
Today I made peace with the possibility that MY cause of death might not be listed as " kung fu " .
Frig , wait ! No I didn't ! !

What day is it ? It's December now , isn't it ?
It's DEFINITELY time for me to fix the great works of fiction !
The great out - of - copyright works of fiction , anyway . My brilliant idea is to completely recontextualize them through the magic of framing stories ! So for example , instead of Moby Dick being about this guy after a whale , it's this CRAZY SCIENTIST writing whaler fan fiction , and at the end , the scientist stops and says " Sheesh , I didn't mean to write so much whaler fan fiction . "
And Moby Dick takes place in the middle ?
Exactly !
And Pride and Prejudice is still this fancy romance story , but now it's framed by this dude being asked to describe the ultimate video game , and at the end the dude says " Anyway after that it becomes a turned - based strategy game with a focus on resource management " .
. . . Huh .
Hamlet ends as it normally does , but then the framing play starts up again and it's Hamlet's dad looking into a crystal ball , and he says " Forsooth , now let's see what would happen if I won the lottery ! ! "
It's SO GOOD , Utahraptor !
" HEY . HEY . YOU HAVE SOMETHING STUCK BETWEEN YOUR TEETH "
a web card
Hey . Hey ! You have something stuck between your teeth !
And the sender of THIS card clearly thought the best way to tell you was to go home , boot up their computer , and email you a web card .
T - Rex , we're in the future ! People have PHONES that can send emails now .
Hah ! EVEN WHEN THE EMAILS CONTAIN WEB CARDS ? ?
Yep , even then .
R . . . really ?
Yep ! So it's not so unreasonable that someone would send this web card . If the other person also had a fancy phone , it would be a discreet way of letting them know !
Okay , wow ! That's cool . I didn't know phones could do that !
Anyway ! It's like - broccoli or something between your teeth ? Maybe pesto ? Anyway , it's all over the place .
It's -
It's like your gums were replaced with green peanut butter
ASK PROFESSOR SCIENCE
Today's letter from Professor Science comes from Alexis , who writes :
" Dear Professor , how much would it cost to buy the WHOLE DANG PLANET ? ? "
Wow ! I guess we need to know how much our planet is worth , then . I'm guessing . . . a kabazillion dollars ?
What if we took the sum value of all the world's currencies ? That'd tell us how much everything is worth , in total !
That works , right ? Because money itself isn't worth anything , but we all PRETEND it's worth the value of the goods it's traded for , right ?
Except that doesn't include oceans and stuff - things you can't buy !
TRUE .
Plus , buying the WHOLE DANG PLANET means buying everything on it , and that means we now have to put a price on LIFE ITSELF .
I always knew this day would come , Utahraptor . I - I just never thought it'd be soon .
Alright ! Life itself is , what - like twenty bucks ?
LATER :
Professor Science , we can SCIENTIFICALLY PROVE that people are wrong for getting mad at me for saying life is worth like twenty bucks ? It grows in crusty milk , it is like the most free thing ever ! ! . . . PROFESSOR ARE YOU EVEN HOME
You know what ? We totally can put an exact price on life , down to the nearest cent .
In fact , we do it all the time !
Every time we land somewhere on the gradient between safety and expense , we do it . If a new ambulance costs $ 100 , 000 but would likely save at least 100 lives while it was in use , and we decide NOT to buy it , then we're saying those particular lives aren't worth $ 1000 . Ouch ! Sorry , ambulance dudes !
But maybe we don't have the money to buy an ambulance anyway !
Sure ! It's not a perfect measurement .
All I'm saying is we ESTIMATE it all the time . Heck , you do it whenever you're paid hourly and you speed into work ! Divide the extra money you get by being there sooner by the increase chance of death the added speed brings you , and you've just VALUED YOUR OWN LIFE .
. . . I - I guess so !
On the flip side , whenever housecleaners clean a bathroom , they're PAID to kill the bacteria there ! So those tiny lives are worth negative dollars . And there's SO MANY bacteria , Utahraptor !
There are like a decazillion of them I am ALMOST certain
So , um , I spent a few days putting a price on LIFE ITSELF , and now I've got a dollar figure for my own life !
Kinda depressing , you guys !
Well , you can bolster it some , right ? Like , you could add on the price each your organs would fetch on a black market . That'd raise it some !
THAT JUST MAKES IT MORE DEPRESSING ! I don't want to be commodified , Dromiceiomimus . When people said " You can't put a price on life " , they didn't mean it was an impossibility - they meant it in the permissive sense ! They were trying to give me GOOD ADVICE .
Not a fan of your entire life reduced to a single number ? Then don't do it !
Huh ?
These prices are estimates anyway , dependant on so many assumptions . Even if someone's dead , you can't say for sure how much they're worth ! How much was Newton worth ? Or Shakespeare ? Or some dude who fathered Shakespeare's great - great grandmother ? Or some OTHER dude who was there , encouraging him to do it ?
{ { in italics } } . . . Weird .
The greatest proof that time travel isn't possible is that we're not being visited by tourists from the future . I call this Sexy T - Rex's Argument Against Time Travel !
STEPHEN HAWKING SAID THAT ALREADY
. . . fine ! FINE .
Stephen Hawking is a smart guy ; it makes sense he'd get there first . However , did he ever say maybe time tourists are ALREADY walking among us , but they've disguised themselves so well that we've never noticed ?
No , but Carl Sagan did .
. . .
. . . He WOULD .
Turns out greater minds than yours have thought about time travel already , huh ?
Sure , but that's fine !
I'm PERFECTLY CONTENT if nobody ever talks about T - Rex's Argument Against Time Travel . It's the idea that's important , not who gets credit for it !
Really ? That's very mature of you .
Thank you ! I am an extremely mature gentleman , and I'm flattered you noticed .
LATER : T - REX VANDALIZES A BATHROOM WALL WITH THE WORDS " STEPHEN HAWKING AND CARL SAGAN , YOU BOTH HAVE UNWITTINGLY DONE ME A SMALL UNKINDNESS "
It's as forceful as I could get ; I love those guys ! !
A bunch of us want to find meaning and purpose in our lives and the Universe . Unfortunately , the Universe itself is indifferent , uncaring and meaningless !
Absurdism comics
woooo
So ! Since the Universe is TOTALLY MEANINGLESS , looking for any sort of meaning in life is absurd , and we're all sorta stuck . But lucky for us , the absurdist philosophers came up with three ways to resolve this ! The - the first resolution is suicide .
I've said it before , but I'll say it again : the absurdists were not the cheeriest potatoes in the bag .
But if we don't want to kill ourselves , we can find religion , right ?
Right !
Religion can give hope of a kind and caring world beyond our absurd one . But since they see reason as the greatest tool we've got and religion relies on faith , it's rejected by the absurdists as a ( just as deadly ! ) PHILOSOPHICAL suicide .
So what's left ?
What's left ? Only to accept the absurd and try to find any meaning we can in our own personal journey from life to death !
Anyway , this is how come I'm so into vegetables that look like celebs .
Okay , so , turns out I might be dead someday .
We all might be dead SOMEDAY !
And it would be great for future generations to not have to make the same mistakes I did . So pay attention , future generations ! HERE'S WHAT I'VE LEARNT : if you know a bit about a bunch of things you'll feel confident in more situations , it's nice to be nice , people sometimes get pissed if you beat them in video games but WHATEVER , and getting old isn't too bad but I haven't gotten THAT old yet so I don't know for sure .
I , uh , don't see any future generations listening in .
Utahraptor ! !
I thought you were taking notes ! Where's your notepad ? !
I'm not your stenographer ! Take your own notes .
UM , I CAN'T BECAUSE I'M BUSY POURING MY LIFE KNOWLEDGE INTO THE EMPTY VESSELS OF FUTURE GENERATIONS ? ? Come on , we need to get ON THI -
MANY GENERATIONS LATER
Look at this weird old photo of some guy I found !
I wonder if when he was alive he had any advice for us , the future generations !
* I * wonder why he's , uh , naked ?
If honeybabe made a mistake , I might say " Honeybabe , you made a mistake ! "
Or maybe I'd say " Honeybabe , you blew it ! "
Maybe I'd suggest our honeybabe in question blundered . Did she just slip up , or did she totally botch it ? Maybe it was just an error ? A miscalculation ? An oversight ? A FAILURE ? The words we choose indicate how severe a mistake it was , but ALSO suggest various degrees of culpability , and most of us are pretty finely tuned to their nuances of meaning - even honeybabes !
This just in , English has a lot of words for a bunch of stuff ! Film at 11 ?
It's got real applications !
We're getting closer to computers that can choose their own words , and this shows how sensitive these choices can be !
If you misspell a word , " You made a boo - boo " is fine , but if you press the wrong button and lazer 5000 dudes , that's probably not the mot juste ?
Yep ! And I'm glad you said " mot juste " and didn't just write it down as text , as I'd have read it as " mott just - ee " .
Well , that'd be my fault for changing languages in the middle of a sentence .
Indeed , no - one can be expected to keep up with that sort of tromperie
WHERE ARE THEY NOW ? CELEBRITIES FROM THE 80S :
Some are dead , most are still around ! Some are happy , others are not so happy , but I'm sure they hope to be happy soon .
Best of luck , unhappy 80s celebrities ! !
THOSE HORIZONTAL BARS ON OLD WEBSITES THAT LOOK LIKE A CIRCULAR SAW IS MOVING BACK AND FORTH TO CUT THE WEBPAGE IN HALF :
They're still working on cutting that page in half , God bless 'em .
Nobody tell them HTML doesn't work like that , okay ? ?
THAT DINNER FROM A FEW MONTHS AGO :
Some of it probably got turned into your body !
Niiiice .
OKAY , ATOMS IN YOUR BODY THEN :
A better question is " where were they THEN ? " and the answer is " Originally , the big bang , where all that makes you was blasted out of the same stuff that your enemies also came from . "
" Also , every bit of current day poop came from there too ; pretty gross . "
EVERYONE FROM 200 YEARS AGO :
All passed away , leaving behind only things others thought were worth preserving , if any , and memories of themselves in the minds of their equally mortal friends .
This is depressing , let's talk about poo atoms again !
* click *
Aw dang ! !
SOON :
Frig Dromiceiomimus , I locked myself out ! My keys AND everything else I own is trapped in a housethat , thanks to my thoughlessness , I no longer have access to ! !
You can hire a locksmith to cut the locks open .
HOW CAN I PROVE I'M ME ? All my ID is inside the house !
Just show them a photo once you're inside !
Ridicilous !
That is a huge loophole that ANY NUMBER of evil twins could exploit !
I think you'd be surprised how often there's no security measures against evil twins in real life . Why , you could ask your friend Utahraptor . . . IF HE WAS HERE ! !
AHHHHHH -
LATER :
HHHHHHHHPARENTLY YOU HAVE BEEN SUBSTITUTED FOR HIM
IS HOW I WOULD SUMMARIZE YOUR SENTENCE
You guys ! I just wrote the best will . It's the best will !
DOES IT HAVE NIGHTS IN A HAUNTED HOUSE
It DOES !
And that's just where it starts . After my would - be heirs spend the night in the haunted house , which is clearly specified in my will to be ACTUALLY HAUNTED , they have to successfully navigate a series of dares and challenges - punching bears , eating chairs , that sort of thing - all designed to bring them together and underline a valuable life lesson : " MONEY ISN'T EVERYTHING " . Then they get the money .
They'll just contest the will , T - Rex !
What's that ?
They'll contest it , or everyone will agree to redact the bear slappy clauses . Happens all the time .
The HELL ? This is my last chance to make people to do things for money , and you're saying they're not legally bound to do it ?
Man !
Dying DOES suck !
Cats and kittens , chicks and dudes ! ! I was wrong !
You CAN force your heirs to punch a bear in your will !
If I make a CONDITIONAL bequest while of sound mind and body and possessing FULL TESTAMENTARY CAPACITY , a probate court is entirely likely to honour those clauses !
Conditional bequest ?
Yeah , like " You must punch out a bear within three weeks of my death , or the diamonds go to some charity instead ! "
Only , I don't actually write " some charity " .
You name the charity .
Exactly !
Utahraptor , I'm SO EXCITED . I kinda want to become super rich now , because the more money I have the more AWESOME CLAUSES I can put into my will ! " Sure , you can have some money now that I'm dead . . . IF YOU KISS FIFTY DUDES IN THE NEXT THREE MINUTES , GO GO GO ! ! ! "
Hah !
Man ! I take it back , dying is AWESOME .
Um , parts of it , I mean !
The parts where the dead bribe the living seem pretty rad is all I'm saying
Surveys are kinda baloney , you guys ! They're kinda phoney baloney to the ultimate max .
And I'm not one to say things like that often ! !
Say there's a survey about applesauce : like most dudes , I don't really have APPLESAUCE OPINIONS , so I'm probably not going to answer a whole survey about it ! But if I were big into applesauce ( or big AGAINST applesauce ) I'd be way more into answering the survey . The result is that surveys overrepresent extreme viewpoints , because the only people completing surveys are those INTERESTED in doing so .
The apathetic ARE typically underrepresented in surveys .
Precisely , my friend !
Surveys get people with opinions , and the bored , and the lonely . But not the apathetic and the jerkasses ! You know what jerkasses do when some stranger calls up and asks them questions ?
Hang up the phone ?
Utahraptor
{ { in italics } } sometimes they curse first
Yep !
That's why they're jerkasses !
Time for me to invent a new emotion ! THIS is the feeling you get when you've said the wrong thing to someone by accident , and it's awkward and you've both noticed it , but it's days later now and you're still thinking about it !
And there's nothing you can do without making things MORE awkward !
I propose we call this emotion : HUGGA BUBBA LOVE
woo
The name seems at odds with the emotion !
What ? ! How so ?
Um , " love " is there and it's not actually about love at all ?
It's not ROMANTIC love , Utahraptor , it's hugga bubba love , which I just defined as lingering awkwardness that has nothing to do with love at all !
And before you say " adjective phrases can't fully replace noun semantics " , let me warn you : THIS ONE CAN .
T - Rex ! STOP UNDERMINING ENGLISH
HUGGA BUBBA NEVER
Okay , so maybe " hugga bubba " ISN'T the best adjective .
Maybe it is though ! !
But just in case it isn't , I've invented a new way for it to be used ! JUST LIKE THAT , BABY . Now " hugga bubba " is ALSO the new " um " , the new " ah " , and the new " er " . Instead of saying " Um , I have no idea " , we can say " Hugga bubba , I have no idea ! "
" I think I had about , hugga bubba , five drinks last night " ?
Exactly !
Oh man , I can't wait to hear how awesome EVERY CONVERSATION EVER will be now !
One problem !
How are you going to convince people to use it ?
Man , it SELLS ITSELF ! I , hugga bubba , don't understand why you're fighting this .
It just sounds like you're saying your name is " Hugga Bubba " .
OH MY GOSH that's the best name EVER . Well , looks my afternoon just got filled up !
Assuming they've removed the 5 - day waiting period on me changing my name , that is ! !
A false document is when you refer to or quote books and stuff that don't exist in real life , but your whole story pretends like they actually do . Like when Shakespeare reads the dictionary !
LITERARY TECHNIQUE COMICS
today's technique : FALSE DOCUMENTS
That's not a false document , T - Rex ! Shakespeare was a real guy , and dictionaries actually exist . It's more like if , I don't know , the Necronomicon was read by a Shakespeare CHARACTER .
Hah ! Shakespeare's already QUITE the character , believe you me ! !
. . . He's sullen to me sometimes
Except Shakespeare did most of his writing before dictionaries !
Oh man , really ?
Yep ! The earliest English dictionaries we've got showed up AFTER he started writing plays : it's one of the reasons he's had such an effect on the language . He was around while the written form was crystalizing !
So I was TOTALLY partially right ! That's EXCELLENT .
MEANWHILE , IN TUDOR ENGLAND !
Shakespeare , if you spell " assume " differently , you'll stop future generations from making that stupid " ass out of u and me " joke !
T - REX
LISTEN
i have like no context to understand any of this
It's possible that one day , an advanced civilization ( and not necessarily our own ! ) might be able to reasonably simulate an entire universe , or at least fake it for simulated people living inside .
And these simulated dudes wouldn't even know they're in a simulation !
And if a civilization can do this once , it's likely that they'd EVENTUALLY do it more than once . They could even reach a point where simulations are mass produced : billions of disposable toy realities used for experiments , research , or given to children during Future Christmas !
Sure , maybe in some hyper - advanced future !
Sure !
But if we assume that SOMEONE can reach this level , then what's more likely : that WE'RE the ones who develop this technology without actually being in a simulation ourselves , or that we're all stuck in one of the TRILLIONS of simulations being run AS WE SPEAK ? ?
* gasp *
DINOSAUR COMICS WISHES YOU A HAPPY AND PROSPEROUS 2010
So all my talk about the entire universe being a big simulation ignored one pretty big question , which is this :
Why simulate an entire universe when you can just simulate one awesome dude ?
Let's assume that if we're simulating universes , we're doing it for a reason . Sure , SOME simulations would be the whole universe , but that's complicated and expensive ! Why simulate boring microbes galaxies away if we're just interested in one dude on Earth ? And why simulate this one dude at all , unless you're trying to find out more about his life , get inside his head , perhaps . . . FIND OUT WHERE HE BURIED THE DIAMONDS ? ?
You're proposing simulations be used for historical research !
Exactly !
And since MY consciousness is the only one I can confirm , it means that outside this simulation , in my REAL life , I did something SO RAD that people are still trying to figure it out . You're here to ensure I act like I did before , and perhaps , at the end , to ask me -
WHERE DID YOU BURY THE DIAMONDS ? ?
* gasp *
ALSO , PRECISELY WHEN WILL YOU GIVE ALL YOUR MONEY TO UTAHRAPTOR ? ? FUTURE GENERATIONS ARE STILL , UM , STUMPED .
* gasp *
So all my talk about the entire universe being a big simulation ignored one pretty big question , which is this :
Why simulate an entire universe when you can just simulate one awesome dude ?
Let's assume that if we're simulating universes , we're doing it for a reason . Sure , SOME simulations would be the whole universe , but that's complicated and expensive ! Why simulate boring microbes galaxies away if we're just interested in one dude on Earth ? And why simulate this one dude at all , unless you're trying to find out more about his life , get inside his head , perhaps . . . FIND OUT WHERE HE BURIED THE DIAMONDS ? ?
You're proposing simulations be used for historical research !
Exactly !
And since MY consciousness is the only one I can confirm , it means that outside this simulation , in my REAL life , I did something SO RAD that people are still trying to figure it out . You're here to ensure I act like I did before , and perhaps , at the end , to ask me -
WHERE DID YOU BURY THE DIAMONDS ? ?
* gasp *
ALSO , PRECISELY WHEN WILL YOU GIVE ALL YOUR MONEY TO UTAHRAPTOR ? ? FUTURE GENERATIONS ARE STILL , UM , STUMPED .
* gasp *
So all my talk about the entire universe being a big simulation ignored one pretty big question , which is this :
Why simulate an entire universe when you can just simulate one awesome dude ?
Let's assume that if we're simulating universes , we're doing it for a reason . Sure , SOME simulations would be the whole universe , but that's complicated and expensive ! Why simulate boring microbes galaxies away if we're just interested in one dude on Earth ? And why simulate this one dude at all , unless you're trying to find out more about his life , get inside his head , perhaps . . . FIND OUT WHERE HE BURIED THE DIAMONDS ? ?
You're proposing simulations be used for historical research !
Exactly !
And since MY consciousness is the only one I can confirm , it means that outside this simulation , in my REAL life , I did something SO RAD that people are still trying to figure it out . You're here to ensure I act like I did before , and perhaps , at the end , to ask me -
WHERE DID YOU BURY THE DIAMONDS ? ?
* gasp *
ALSO , PRECISELY WHEN WILL YOU GIVE ALL YOUR MONEY TO UTAHRAPTOR ? ? FUTURE GENERATIONS ARE STILL , UM , STUMPED .
* gasp *
So all my talk about the entire universe being a big simulation ignored one pretty big question , which is this :
Why simulate an entire universe when you can just simulate one awesome dude ?
Let's assume that if we're simulating universes , we're doing it for a reason . Sure , SOME simulations would be the whole universe , but that's complicated and expensive ! Why simulate boring microbes galaxies away if we're just interested in one dude on Earth ? And why simulate this one dude at all , unless you're trying to find out more about his life , get inside his head , perhaps . . . FIND OUT WHERE HE BURIED THE DIAMONDS ? ?
You're proposing simulations be used for historical research !
Exactly !
And since MY consciousness is the only one I can confirm , it means that outside this simulation , in my REAL life , I did something SO RAD that people are still trying to figure it out . You're here to ensure I act like I did before , and perhaps , at the end , to ask me -
WHERE DID YOU BURY THE DIAMONDS ? ?
* gasp *
ALSO , PRECISELY WHEN WILL YOU GIVE ALL YOUR MONEY TO UTAHRAPTOR ? ? FUTURE GENERATIONS ARE STILL , UM , STUMPED .
* gasp *
In the Garden of Eden story , Adam and Eve eat an apple from the tree of knowledge and then they're kicked out of paradise and THE AMAZING ADVENTURE OF NOT LIVING IN A GARDEN BEGINS .
Not in my version , peeps !
In MY version , this isn't an allegory or anything . Instead , it's an ALTERNATE HISTORY where Adam and Eve decide not to eat the apple ! The entire book of Genesis grinds to a halt at the point where Eve says " Dudes , turns out I'm NOT hungry ! "
Then what happens ?
THEN they cordon off the tree of knowledge to prevent any future mistakes , finally burying it in cement Chernobyl - style !
But where'd they get cement ? That's a technology .
They invented it !
They've got nothing else to do there all day , so they invented cement .
So in your story , Adam and Eve hang out in paradise , alone , inventing cement .
YES . It is an amazing tale !
I call it " What If Early Abrahamic Religions Had Not Been Concerned With The Origin of Sin , But Instead Contained A Viable Recipe For Cement " .
WHAT IF , Utahraptor ? ?
If I can't be a bog person , I can be the next best thing !
ALIVE
Better !
A person frozen solid at the north pole !
Or the south pole , I'm not picky . But I want to be perfectly preserved in some cavern somewhere , so that when future generations stumble upon me , they'll say " Oh , gross . There's a dead guy in here . "
" . . . It looks like he died being awesome though ! "
So you're in some sort of awesome pose ?
Exactly !
Maybe I'll be wearing a Superman outfit , and in my pocket will be a note that says " I actually WAS Superman , comics were documentaries about me , make sure to tell everyone okay ? ? "
" I was vulnerable to the south pole though . "
" Yeah , I just found that out . "
CONCLUSION :
People who pay for cryonic freezing are super chumps ! All you need to do is go to Antarctica , guys .
You can die there for FREE .
The earth's orbiting around the sun , but our sun is orbiting around the center of the friggin' galaxy !
At a speed of over eight hundred thousand kilometers an hour , no less !
But the galaxy is so big that each orbit takes 250 million years . So every second that passes , we're orbiting to a new part of space hundreds of kilometers away , where NO OTHER LIVING THING ON THE PLANET has ever been !
Well , not exactly . Life here is 4 billion years old , remember , so older forms of life have been here before . 16 times before , actually .
. . . TRUE .
But dinosaurs have only been around for like 160 million years !
Yes !
So , at best , WE'VE only done a little over half an orbit - so we are exploring the universes ! We're going where no dinosaur has gone before !
Sure , I'll give you that . Why make such a big deal about this though ?
Because Utahraptor , it means that today is the first time in history , in ALL OF EXISTENCE , that a dinosaur - me ! - did anything from the exact location in the universe that we're at right now !
MEDALS FOR EVERYONE
Wait a second . Wait a second !
I've never bought a drink for a stranger in a bar !
Holy crap ! How did I get THIS FAR in my life without doing that ? How did I spend SO MUCH TIME ALIVE without ever sending a drink over , and when the bartender points me out to the recipient , smiling and tipping the brim of my hat , WHETHER I'M WEARING ONE OR NOT ?
. . . Wait , I've never had a drink bought FOR me by a stranger in a bar either !
Daaaang !
Maybe it's not like in movies , though ! Maybe it's kinda terrible .
Utahraptor , I appreciate what you're doing !
But it's clear you're just trying to cheer us up by acting like this isn't totally rad . How many times have you done it ?
Oh , I don't know - - maybe seven sending and twelve receiving ?
. . . WHAT ? !
Utahraptor ! I thought I was cool with my good friends being more awesome than me , but I think right now I'd really prefer it if I were the most awesome .
I'm not sure what I'm asking here
Please just keep it in mind for now
Utahraptor and I enter a bar , him dressed mostly in black , and me dressed mostly in white . We sit at opposite ends of the bar .
I order a drink for the angriest - looking lady in the room !
Utahraptor orders one for her too , only his drink is slightly fancier than mine . And we go back and forth , upping the ante , sending over fancier and fancier drinks , until we're sending over full bottles of champagne !
And then ?
And then we send over food ! Nachos ! Fries ! CHICKEN WINGS .
So now this angry woman is surrounded on all sides by chicken wings .
And booze , yeah !
And she'll be so happy ! It's IMPOSSIBLE to be angry when surrounded by chicken wings ! ! It's impossible , Utahraptor . I've tried it .
So we're cheering up a random woman at some expense , but at the end , we'll probably all get to eat chicken wings together . Alright , I'm in ! Let's do it !
What was an angry prohibitionist chicken - rights activist doing in a bar , anyway ? !
Maaaaaaaan
Utahraptor and I enter a bar , him dressed mostly in black , and me dressed mostly in white . We sit at opposite ends of the bar .
I order a drink for the angriest - looking lady in the room !
Utahraptor orders one for her too , only his drink is slightly fancier than mine . And we go back and forth , upping the ante , sending over fancier and fancier drinks , until we're sending over full bottles of champagne !
And then ?
And then we send over food ! Nachos ! Fries ! CHICKEN WINGS .
So now this angry woman is surrounded on all sides by chicken wings .
And booze , yeah !
And she'll be so happy ! It's IMPOSSIBLE to be angry when surrounded by chicken wings ! ! It's impossible , Utahraptor . I've tried it .
So we're cheering up a random woman at some expense , but at the end , we'll probably all get to eat chicken wings together . Alright , I'm in ! Let's do it !
What was an angry prohibitionist chicken - rights activist doing in a bar , anyway ? !
Maaaaaaaan
I don't have a son , but if I did , I'd have no idea what to name him .
But I've got great names for everyone else's hypothetical sons !
For example , Dromiceiomimus , if YOU had a son , a great name for him would be DromiceioHEmus . Eh ? . . . Since he's a man , I thought we should emphasize that in his name .
Thanks for the - unsolicited naming advice for children I don't have ?
Dromiceiomimus ! NO WORRIES .
Okay , what if I had a son . . . WHO WAS ALSO A DOG ?
Nice try , Utahraptor !
You're trying to trip me up here but I'm ALSO rad at dog names ; your dog will be named after the Star Trek physician and be called " Doctor McCoy " .
That's a bit rand -
" Bones " for short .
NICE .
If nobody else will say it , I will !
THAT WAS AN EXTREMELY EXCELLENT NAME FOR A DOG .
I don't have a son , but if I did , I'd have no idea what to name him .
But I've got great names for everyone else's hypothetical sons !
For example , Dromiceiomimus , if YOU had a son , a great name for him would be DromiceioHEmus . Eh ? . . . Since he's a man , I thought we should emphasize that in his name .
Thanks for the - unsolicited naming advice for children I don't have ?
Dromiceiomimus ! NO WORRIES .
Okay , what if I had a son . . . WHO WAS ALSO A DOG ?
Nice try , Utahraptor !
You're trying to trip me up here but I'm ALSO rad at dog names ; your dog will be named after the Star Trek physician and be called " Doctor McCoy " .
That's a bit rand -
" Bones " for short .
NICE .
If nobody else will say it , I will !
THAT WAS AN EXTREMELY EXCELLENT NAME FOR A DOG .
" Why hello there , Utahraptor , great to see you ! I meant to mention : I borrowed your shovel . I meant to mention it before but you weren't around and I was certain you wouldn't mind ! I just completely forgot to return it . "
" I'm really glad I didn't lie about this , Utahraptor ! "
" I think that if I had , I'd spend the rest of the day wondering why I'd lie about something so - - IRRELEVANT . What's wrong with me ? And confessing would also seem weird , because none of us would even know why I lied in the first place . I'd have to sneak the shovel back , I guess . Or destroy it ?
I'm sure he'd forgive you .
I'M just glad I avoided this whole ridiculous situation ! "
Hey , T - Rex , did you borrow my shovel ?
Nope !
Oh , that's weird . It's disappeared from my back yard , I was hoping maybe you'd borrowed it .
. . . Weird . Maybe someone else borrowed it ?
Huh . I don't know who else it could be .
maaaaaan
Who here wants to learn a new language by breakfast ? Any takers ? . . . No ?
What if I told you it was the LANGUAGE OF THE SEA ? ?
Ah yes , seaspeak , otherwise known as the Standard Marine Communication Phrases ! A set of simple English words and phrases , designed to facilitate communication on the open seas between speakers of disparate languages , where otherwise it might be difficult or impossible !
You - - you know it ?
Answer ; yes . Over .
So what's the language like ?
Man , you should be talking to Dromiceiomimus !
But , it's this tiny super - simplified phrase - focused English . And there's only one way to say each thing ! There's no " I dunno dude " , just " No information . " And if you've got a mysterious problem on the open sea , you know how you say that ? " I have problems . "
Adorable !
I KNOW ! I feel like , thanks to " I have problems " , I have unintentionally spoken the language of the sea many a time .
Yarrrr .
COMPRESSED SONG COMICS today's song POKER FACE by LADY GAGA
Lady Gaga analogizes sex to poker ! In the song , I mean !
To hear her tell it , she intends to get her male opponent " hot " , and then she intends to show him " what she's got " . She assures us , the audience , now presumably with one raised eyebrow , that this unnamed protagonist ( adversary ? It is difficult to tell ) is fully unable to read her poker face .
He's unable , he's unable to see past her facade of bluffing !
Fah - fah - fah - facade of bluffing
To proceed : she wants to spend time with him ; she believes they'll present an appearance of aloof disinterest . Russian roulette is different if you remove the gun from the endeavor .
And when it comes to the act of physical love , Lady Gaga becomes bored if it's too tender ! !
In conclusion , Lady Gaga repeats her claim of her facade of bluffing being perfect no less than four times , so it must be true .
Fah - fah - fah - facade of bluffing
I wonder what the future holds for me ! Looks like it's time for another terrifying . . .
VISION OF TOMORROW !
. . . VISION OF TOMORROW . . .
. . . Vision of Tomorrow . . .
Is there a verb for making your own echos ? It seems like there should be a verb for making your own echos .
. . . vision of tomorrow . . .
Hey , how's setting yourself up for a vision of tomorrow going ?
Not so well !
I've dramatically echoed as hard as I can , but it seems I'm destined not to move ahead in time faster than my usual rate of one second per second .
I guess we'll find out what the future holds when we get there .
I just want a peek !
LATER :
This doesn't count .
I wonder what the future holds for me ! Looks like it's time for another terrifying . . .
VISION OF TOMORROW !
. . . VISION OF TOMORROW . . .
. . . Vision of Tomorrow . . .
Is there a verb for making your own echos ? It seems like there should be a verb for making your own echos .
. . . vision of tomorrow . . .
Hey , how's setting yourself up for a vision of tomorrow going ?
Not so well !
I've dramatically echoed as hard as I can , but it seems I'm destined not to move ahead in time faster than my usual rate of one second per second .
I guess we'll find out what the future holds when we get there .
I just want a peek !
LATER :
This doesn't count .
House shopping is what you do when you think , " Man , rent is pretty expensive ! Furthermore , I'd like to paint a bum on the wall and not get in trouble . "
So you decide you're in the market for a house !
Now you've done it . Now you're looking to spend HUNDREDS OF THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS on a single object . This is like spending all this money on ? I don't know , a cookie . Only , you can't eat your cookie , and when you're not looking your cookie can BURN DOWN . Oh ! And your cookie is SO EXPENSIVE that the time you'll take to pay back the loan you'll need to buy even a tiny cookie is routinely measured in DECADES .
Man ! I hope this stupid cookie is worth it !
Your cookie can increase in value though !
Sure ! But it can also decrease in value , both due to events ENTIRELY OUTSIDE YOUR CONTROL .
But your rent money can now build cookie equi - look , can we say " house " and not " cookie " ? This analogy isn't getting us anything .
I disagree ! ! It sounded like you were about to say " cookie equity " .
Hello ? !
That certainly sounds like an analogy worth pursuing to me !
Autotheism is the belief that you , personally , are divine . You're a god !
SAY
WHAAAAAAAAT
Seriously , dude ! And normally people who are autotheistic don't really comment on the existence of other religions or gods , just themselves . It's kinda the old " the only consciousness I can be certain of is my own " argument , but , you know , applied to divinity .
So if you're a god , then what ? How come you don't do anything godly ?
MAYBE I'M BUSY .
Or maybe just being alive IS divine enough !
Sure ! Maybe life itself is divine !
Except that means what I ate for breakfast was a god , and my house is built out of dead tree gods .
. . . I was going to say this is just pantheism again , but living in a house of dead tree gods is something I'm really into , so : OBJECTION WITHDRAWN .
LATER , T - REX GETS THE FLU !
I've got thousands of microscopic flu gods inside me !
. . . jerks .
In my alternate history story , Apollo 11 reaches the moon on July 19th , 1969 , just as before . Only when they get there . . .
. . . they find the Soviets are already in orbit , waiting for them !
The Soviets have saved time by designing and sending a ROBOT to the moon - and it got there first ! Only , the Americans are able to land their ship faster , so they're still the first ones to set foot on the moon . But the Soviet robot is still there , and its orbit has been adjusted downward , ever downward , so that now it's flying just above the Americans !
But then the Soviets mess up the landing and it crashes into the side of a mountain ?
How'd you know ?
This isn't an alternate history , T - Rex : this is the real - life history of the Luna 15 mission .
. . . Really ?
Yes , really ! Normally you're supposed to research actual history before writing an alternate one !
LATER :
Dear audio diary ! It appears I have a choice : either I am a guy who doesn't know his history , or I HAVE SOMEHOW ENTERED INTO THE VERY ALTERNATE REALITY I CREATED .
. . .
Or both , I guess .
OKAY . In my new alternate history , everything is the same , except for one pertinent detail :
Instead of my skin being green , it's purple ! !
And the whole book is this alternate T - Rex writing about how his life has gone so far !
Alternate history autobio ? I think you've invented a new genre here , T - Rex !
I know !
The only problem is , the book's only super awesome if you already know me , otherwise you won't notice the differences .
And let me guess : the difference is that we're all racist against you ?
Nope !
You guys aren't racist . Actually , except for the skin thing there's not really ANY differences , and come to think of it , I don't think I even mentioned my skin colour either .
. . Seriously ?
No worries ! I'll just pencil in " PS , I was purple the entire time ! " on the last page of every copy !
Later , at the bookstore :
So !
It turns out it was way more fun to write it in all the other autobiographies instead
OKAY . In my new alternate history , everything is the same , except for one pertinent detail :
Instead of my skin being green , it's purple ! !
And the whole book is this alternate T - Rex writing about how his life has gone so far !
Alternate history autobio ? I think you've invented a new genre here , T - Rex !
I know !
The only problem is , the book's only super awesome if you already know me , otherwise you won't notice the differences .
And let me guess : the difference is that we're all racist against you ?
Nope !
You guys aren't racist . Actually , except for the skin thing there's not really ANY differences , and come to think of it , I don't think I even mentioned my skin colour either .
. . Seriously ?
No worries ! I'll just pencil in " PS , I was purple the entire time ! " on the last page of every copy !
Later , at the bookstore :
So !
It turns out it was way more fun to write it in all the other autobiographies instead
Let's say you've dropped your toast on the floor . Pick it up , my friend ! This is just one of many . . .
PROBLEMS THAT ARE EASILY SOLVED
Or if you've misplaced your keys , you can check the places you usually leave them , and if that fails , retrace your steps ! If this happens often , try getting a second set of keys you can use in these situations - then you won't be late for wherever it is you're going !
That certainly is a problem easily solved !
EXACTLY !
What if I'm worried my cousin is throwing her life away on a HARMFUL DRUG ADDICTION ?
T - That's . . .
. . . well , that's just not a problem easily solved , Utahraptor . That's still a problem that we CAN work on solving , but I don't think I can easily solve it for you here today .
Ah .
In the meantime - can't find a twist tie when you need one ?
No problem ! Try dropping a twist tie into your garbage cans BEFORE you put the bag in . When you remove the bag , the tie will be there waiting for you !
NICE .
Let's say you've dropped your toast on the floor . Pick it up , my friend ! This is just one of many . . .
PROBLEMS THAT ARE EASILY SOLVED
Or if you've misplaced your keys , you can check the places you usually leave them , and if that fails , retrace your steps ! If this happens often , try getting a second set of keys you can use in these situations - then you won't be late for wherever it is you're going !
That certainly is a problem easily solved !
EXACTLY !
What if I'm worried my cousin is throwing her life away on a HARMFUL DRUG ADDICTION ?
T - That's . . .
. . . well , that's just not a problem easily solved , Utahraptor . That's still a problem that we CAN work on solving , but I don't think I can easily solve it for you here today .
Ah .
In the meantime - can't find a twist tie when you need one ?
No problem ! Try dropping a twist tie into your garbage cans BEFORE you put the bag in . When you remove the bag , the tie will be there waiting for you !
NICE .
Balloons are pretty cool . Rockets are pretty rad too ! But radder than both put together ? Oh , I don't know . . . . how about -
- a ROCKOON ? ?
A rockoon is when you just friggin' tie a rocket to a balloon ! The balloon goes up some of the way , and then you FIRE THE ROCKET and it goes up the rest of the way ! IT IS THE RADDEST WAY TO ARRIVE AT WORK .
You - you can ride them into work ?
Heck , Dromiceiomimus , you can ride them anywhere ! IT IS THE MAGIC OF ROCKOONS .
Man , you can't just make up transportation methods !
Rockoons were used in the '50s , dude !
But they were abandoned as aiming's pretty much impossible . Anyway , I can too make up new transports . Observe the DERIGITANK ! And the Skateboat ! And the catapubmarine , gyrobus , and MAGLEV TRAIN .
. . .
- icopter . Maglev trainicopter .
. . .
. . . I think I gave myself an awesomeness stroke
Balloons are pretty cool . Rockets are pretty rad too ! But radder than both put together ? Oh , I don't know . . . . how about -
- a ROCKOON ? ?
A rockoon is when you just friggin' tie a rocket to a balloon ! The balloon goes up some of the way , and then you FIRE THE ROCKET and it goes up the rest of the way ! IT IS THE RADDEST WAY TO ARRIVE AT WORK .
You - you can ride them into work ?
Heck , Dromiceiomimus , you can ride them anywhere ! IT IS THE MAGIC OF ROCKOONS .
Man , you can't just make up transportation methods !
Rockoons were used in the '50s , dude !
But they were abandoned as aiming's pretty much impossible . Anyway , I can too make up new transports . Observe the DERIGITANK ! And the Skateboat ! And the catapubmarine , gyrobus , and MAGLEV TRAIN .
. . .
- icopter . Maglev trainicopter .
. . .
. . . I think I gave myself an awesomeness stroke
When I flush the toilet , it fills again with perfectly safe drinking water . We poop in water we could drink !
That's - - that's kind of crazy , you guys !
We do EVERYTHING with potable water . Washing dishes in drinkable water : makes sense ! Washing clothes in potable water : maybe , I guess ? But I don't see any reason why POOP WATER should be drinkable . We should be filling our toilets with recycled water that's already been used for washing clothes or whatever !
I agree with you , T - Rex !
Really ?
I think we're really privileged , yeah , and I think it's a pretty terrible image that while there are places where clean drinking water is a luxury if it's available at all , we are literally pooping in it .
. . . That's true , huh ? Wow . You've politicized my pooping !
LATER , PERFORMING AID WORK IN SUB - SAHARAN AFRICA :
Alright ! The sooner everyone has clean drinking water , the sooner I can go back to enjoying my poops ! !
frig , wait , hold on , i just meant to think that
When I flush the toilet , it fills again with perfectly safe drinking water . We poop in water we could drink !
That's - - that's kind of crazy , you guys !
We do EVERYTHING with potable water . Washing dishes in drinkable water : makes sense ! Washing clothes in potable water : maybe , I guess ? But I don't see any reason why POOP WATER should be drinkable . We should be filling our toilets with recycled water that's already been used for washing clothes or whatever !
I agree with you , T - Rex !
Really ?
I think we're really privileged , yeah , and I think it's a pretty terrible image that while there are places where clean drinking water is a luxury if it's available at all , we are literally pooping in it .
. . . That's true , huh ? Wow . You've politicized my pooping !
LATER , PERFORMING AID WORK IN SUB - SAHARAN AFRICA :
Alright ! The sooner everyone has clean drinking water , the sooner I can go back to enjoying my poops ! !
frig , wait , hold on , i just meant to think that
Congratulations ! You know how to read .
I don't mean that you are literate in the sense that you've read a lot of books , or that you can bring up the perfect literary quotation to suit a given situation . I mean that your knowledge of language is sufficient to understand what I'm saying . Right now , by reading these words , you are at least getting the gist of it .
Again : CONGRATULATIONS .
But you're not writing , you're speaking !
Perhaps !
But perhaps I intend to write down these words later , and then create a card out of them , and then hand this card out to people . Perhaps that !
Well in that case you should cut out this conversation , because it's largely irrelevant .
INDEED ! !
But !
Maybe I'll forget to though .
Dromiceiomimus , party at my place tonight ! Can you come ?
I sure can !
Excellent ! !
So excellent , in fact , that I will stomp on this house .
I - I can still come if you don't stomp on the house .
EVEN BETTER ! !
But , as you can see , I've already committed to stomping on this house .
Utahraptor , you can make it too ?
Yep ! But only if you don't sto -
- damn it T - Rex , clearly I was going to say " only if you don't stomp on that woman . "
Oh ! Really ? I thought you were going to say " only if you don't stop the rock " and I was going to assure you that TRY AS ONE MAY , one simply cannot stop the rock .
AT THE PARTY :
You can't stop the rock , can't stop the rock ; you can't stop the rock , can't stop the rock ! !
T - Rex I know you are enjoying that song
but a woman just DIED
Dromiceiomimus , party at my place tonight ! Can you come ?
I sure can !
Excellent ! !
So excellent , in fact , that I will stomp on this house .
I - I can still come if you don't stomp on the house .
EVEN BETTER ! !
But , as you can see , I've already committed to stomping on this house .
Utahraptor , you can make it too ?
Yep ! But only if you don't sto -
- damn it T - Rex , clearly I was going to say " only if you don't stomp on that woman . "
Oh ! Really ? I thought you were going to say " only if you don't stop the rock " and I was going to assure you that TRY AS ONE MAY , one simply cannot stop the rock .
AT THE PARTY :
You can't stop the rock , can't stop the rock ; you can't stop the rock , can't stop the rock ! !
T - Rex I know you are enjoying that song
but a woman just DIED
Apollo 11 visits the moon , and some Earth dudes get out and they look around and take back some rocks with them for Earth !
Not bad for a Sunday night , Earth dudes ! !
The only problem was that the lander had limited fuel to return to orbit - - less than they expected , actually ! So the earth dudes needed to lighten the load .
And they threw a bunch of stuff overboard !
Exactly ! Anything they wouldn't need for the trip back was left on the moon . Cameras ! Scoops ! SPACE BOOTS . And . . .
. . . bags of poop !
You knew ?
Yep ! There was no sense bringing that back with them , right ? And so every night when I look up to the moon , I know that there is some corner of another world that is forever ours . Also , we left bags of poop there .
Man , future archeologists are gonna love us ! " WHAT WAS POOP LIKE IN THE LATE 1960s ? "
Don't worry guys , we stored some on the moon ! !
Apollo 11 visits the moon , and some Earth dudes get out and they look around and take back some rocks with them for Earth !
Not bad for a Sunday night , Earth dudes ! !
The only problem was that the lander had limited fuel to return to orbit - - less than they expected , actually ! So the earth dudes needed to lighten the load .
And they threw a bunch of stuff overboard !
Exactly ! Anything they wouldn't need for the trip back was left on the moon . Cameras ! Scoops ! SPACE BOOTS . And . . .
. . . bags of poop !
You knew ?
Yep ! There was no sense bringing that back with them , right ? And so every night when I look up to the moon , I know that there is some corner of another world that is forever ours . Also , we left bags of poop there .
Man , future archeologists are gonna love us ! " WHAT WAS POOP LIKE IN THE LATE 1960s ? "
Don't worry guys , we stored some on the moon ! !
How do you get your name on a street sign ? Is there like , a place where I can slap my name down and say " So hey , I heard THAT name's really rad " ?
I really want to live on " T - Rex Lane " , you guys !
Obviously , my IDEAL address would be 80085 T - Rex Lane , T - Topia , Rexland " , but , you know , one step at a time . So : street names ! How do I get in on that ?
Well if you're a local politician your odds are improved through CRONYISM , and I guess if you're last name was like , " Lakeview " , you'd have better odds too .
Dromiceiomimus , this advice's Helpful Rating is currently at ZERO ! !
If you're someone famous , that helps too !
OBVIOUSLY .
Look , if you're serious about this , then go buy some unincorporated land and build a road and house there ! I think your street name's considered when the land is incorporated into a municipality .
But then I'd have to live out in the boonies all by myself !
On the other hand , I COULD be living on " Awesome People ONLY : The Street " ! Frig ! I can't see any way out of this impasse , Utahraptor !
You may want to go on about your day , I -
I may be stuck like this for a while
How do you get your name on a street sign ? Is there like , a place where I can slap my name down and say " So hey , I heard THAT name's really rad " ?
I really want to live on " T - Rex Lane " , you guys !
Obviously , my IDEAL address would be 80085 T - Rex Lane , T - Topia , Rexland " , but , you know , one step at a time . So : street names ! How do I get in on that ?
Well if you're a local politician your odds are improved through CRONYISM , and I guess if you're last name was like , " Lakeview " , you'd have better odds too .
Dromiceiomimus , this advice's Helpful Rating is currently at ZERO ! !
If you're someone famous , that helps too !
OBVIOUSLY .
Look , if you're serious about this , then go buy some unincorporated land and build a road and house there ! I think your street name's considered when the land is incorporated into a municipality .
But then I'd have to live out in the boonies all by myself !
On the other hand , I COULD be living on " Awesome People ONLY : The Street " ! Frig ! I can't see any way out of this impasse , Utahraptor !
You may want to go on about your day , I -
I may be stuck like this for a while
Maybe I'm aiming too low with getting a street named after me . Maybe the REAL awesomeness is when you get a CITY named after you !
It worked for Mr . Chicago !
Actually , " Chicago " is a corruption of a local word , " shikaakwa " , for wild onion .
Fine ! It worked for Mr . Saskatoon !
. . . Actually , that's from a Cree word for " berries " .
MADAME KOSOVO ? ?
Okay , that's a country , and that's stemming from the Slavic word " kos " , for " blackbird " .
FINE . You know what ?
" Fine " ?
FINE .
I'll get friggin' FOODSTUFFS named after me , because clearly when someone needs to know what to name something , they just spit out whatever is in their mouths , stare at the mess in their hands , and say " Okay sure - call this city TOMATO PASTE CENTRAL " .
Good luck ! You'll need it , I think !
LATER :
Attention , everyone ! Granny Smith apples are way more awesome if you call them " T - Rex FlavrCrunchZ 2K10 ! "
. . . Wait , hold on ! That name offends even me ! !
Maybe I'm aiming too low with getting a street named after me . Maybe the REAL awesomeness is when you get a CITY named after you !
It worked for Mr . Chicago !
Actually , " Chicago " is a corruption of a local word , " shikaakwa " , for wild onion .
Fine ! It worked for Mr . Saskatoon !
. . . Actually , that's from a Cree word for " berries " .
MADAME KOSOVO ? ?
Okay , that's a country , and that's stemming from the Slavic word " kos " , for " blackbird " .
FINE . You know what ?
" Fine " ?
FINE .
I'll get friggin' FOODSTUFFS named after me , because clearly when someone needs to know what to name something , they just spit out whatever is in their mouths , stare at the mess in their hands , and say " Okay sure - call this city TOMATO PASTE CENTRAL " .
Good luck ! You'll need it , I think !
LATER :
Attention , everyone ! Granny Smith apples are way more awesome if you call them " T - Rex FlavrCrunchZ 2K10 ! "
. . . Wait , hold on ! That name offends even me ! !
FACTS ABOUT GIRAFFES
PRINT OUT THIS COMIC AND PUT IT IN YOUR WALLET !
THAT WAY , YOU'LL ALWAYS HAVE ACCESS TO FACTS ABOUT GIRAFFES
did you know that ancient Greeks thought giraffes were a mixture of camel and leopard ? Scientists still call giraffes " Giraffa camelopardalis " because everyone's afraid that if we change it , the ancient Greeks will be SO CHEEZED OFF that they'll all come back to life ! ANGRY SKELETON LIFE ! !
I didn't know the factual part of that , no
Giraffes have the lowest sleep needs of any land mammal !
Only about 1 . 9 hours a day !
NICE .
Female giraffes use their hooves to protect their young !
Man , they can kick LIONS to death ! One kick can shatter a lion's SKULL . That's ultimate badass !
Pretty sure that's ultimate badass !
I HOPE YOU ENJOYED THESE GIRAFFE FACTS ! NOW WHEN SOMEONE STEALS YOUR WALLET THEY'LL LEARN SOME FACTS ABOUT GIRAFFES .
AT LEAST SOME GOOD CAN COME OUT OF THESE UNFORTUNATE CIRCUMSTANCES
UM , FOR THE DUDE WHO STOLE YOUR WALLET I MEAN
You know what the most common element in the universe is ? Friggin' hydrogen !
But after that , it's totally helium !
And this is why helium balloons are so awesome . Not only are they FUN and FLOATY and COME IN A VARIETY OF COLOURS , but we never have to feel bad about them , because helium is the one resource we'll never run out of !
Uh , T - Rex , that's not exactly true !
Uh , Dromiceiomimus , I'd be really surprised if we somehow used up the second - most common element in the UNIVERSE .
It may be common across the universe , T - Rex , but it's not common here on Earth !
What ?
Helium's so light that once it's in the atmosphere , it actually ends up escaping into space . We get new helium by mining it out of natural gas reserves , but those are decidedly finite !
Man ! ! Kids with helium balloons were the last thing I could enjoy WITHOUT thinking how finite everything is !
You know what's left now ? Rocks ! The only thing I'm sure we'll never run out of is friggin' ROCKS .
Woooo
I have come up with an excellent way to be happy ! Every time someone says a sentence , I simply add a few words onto it :
" In my opinion , I mean , and I'm probably totally wrong ! "
Oh my goodness , it's been SO GREAT . People with stupid opinions now IMMEDIATELY acknowledge how dumb they are ! Internet fights still have all the swears and name calling , but now they're instantly undermined by my new suffix .
This sounds pretty egocentric , T - Rex ! In my opinion , I mean , and I'm probably totally wrong !
Niiiiice .
But isn't this just reinforcing your own opinions ?
No , man !
People can still disagree with me , but they're now at least saying they don't have any special expertise !
In your opinion , you mean , and you're probably totally wrong !
Utahraptor , despite your obvious criticism , I'm still way into my new suffix !
LATER :
" In the beginning , God created the Heaven and the Earth . In my opinion , I mean , and I'm probably totally wrong ! "
SEE T - REX
THIS IS EXACTLY WHY I KEEP MAKING IT SO YOU NEVER GET A PRINTING PRESS
I have come up with an excellent way to be happy ! Every time someone says a sentence , I simply add a few words onto it :
" In my opinion , I mean , and I'm probably totally wrong ! "
Oh my goodness , it's been SO GREAT . People with stupid opinions now IMMEDIATELY acknowledge how dumb they are ! Internet fights still have all the swears and name calling , but now they're instantly undermined by my new suffix .
This sounds pretty egocentric , T - Rex ! In my opinion , I mean , and I'm probably totally wrong !
Niiiiice .
But isn't this just reinforcing your own opinions ?
No , man !
People can still disagree with me , but they're now at least saying they don't have any special expertise !
In your opinion , you mean , and you're probably totally wrong !
Utahraptor , despite your obvious criticism , I'm still way into my new suffix !
LATER :
" In the beginning , God created the Heaven and the Earth . In my opinion , I mean , and I'm probably totally wrong ! "
SEE T - REX
THIS IS EXACTLY WHY I KEEP MAKING IT SO YOU NEVER GET A PRINTING PRESS
Some people have their obituaries published early , and then they get to read their own obituaries . Attention : obituary editors !
I AM TOTALLY INTO THIS .
I'd love to see what society thinks of me , how they sum up all my achievements , what words they finally choose to best describe my well - muscled and yet sexually alluring frame ! Newspapers , please feel free to publish mine tomorrow ! I SERIOUSLY PROMISE NOT TO MIND .
I'm pretty sure papers only have obits pre - written for famous people .
. . . What ?
Yeah , when an obituary gets run prematurely , it's always for someone famous !
Man , that DOES make sense !
As a kid I thought newspapers kept obits for EVERYONE , updating them throughout their lives ! They were like Santa , keeping track of use , drawing narrative threads together ! I'd just never critically evaluated that belief as an adult .
Really ?
YES , REALLY .
Welp , I guess childhood is over for me !
You still have Batman pillowcases on your bed , T - Rex .
Welp , I guess childhood continues unabated for me !
Some people have their obituaries published early , and then they get to read their own obituaries . Attention : obituary editors !
I AM TOTALLY INTO THIS .
I'd love to see what society thinks of me , how they sum up all my achievements , what words they finally choose to best describe my well - muscled and yet sexually alluring frame ! Newspapers , please feel free to publish mine tomorrow ! I SERIOUSLY PROMISE NOT TO MIND .
I'm pretty sure papers only have obits pre - written for famous people .
. . . What ?
Yeah , when an obituary gets run prematurely , it's always for someone famous !
Man , that DOES make sense !
As a kid I thought newspapers kept obits for EVERYONE , updating them throughout their lives ! They were like Santa , keeping track of use , drawing narrative threads together ! I'd just never critically evaluated that belief as an adult .
Really ?
YES , REALLY .
Welp , I guess childhood is over for me !
You still have Batman pillowcases on your bed , T - Rex .
Welp , I guess childhood continues unabated for me !
Ancients pondered for years about which came first : the chicken or the egg ? Um , guys !
Clearly the egg came first ! !
There were egg - laying mammals before chickens , so it's really not that mind - bending a conclusion . One example is , I don't know . . . YOUR MOM ? ?
While she does not predate chickens , my mother has laid eggs , yes .
EXACTLY ! Mine too
Okay , so what came first , the chicken or the CHICKEN egg ?
Depends on what a chicken egg is !
If it's an egg laid BY a chicken , then by definition the chicken came first . But if it's an egg that will hatch INTO a chicken , then that can easily be laid by a non - chicken , so eggs win again ! EVOLUTION , BABY .
I guess it's settled then !
I GUESS IT IS .

Aristotle ! Stop wasting your time wondering if chickens or eggs came first !
< < greek noises > >
Aristotle ! I DON'T SPEAK GREEK
FUN FACTS ABOUT . . . ARISTOTLE !
Aristotle is one of the biggest figures in Western philosophy ! Dude basically invented it . Fun !
He also thought the Earth was the literal center of the Universe ! Fun !
But we can't fault him for that , because he also came up with an objective and clearly defined method of accumulating and verifying knowledge whose descendant - the scientific method ! - we're still using today . He also thought that women were a lower form of life , because he found them to be . . . um , physically colder ?
F - Fun !
He also expressed many of the fundamental laws of logic for the very first time !
Fun !
And coming back to women , he argued they weren't fully human , AND he believed that slavery was natural . Fun !
Oh , history . Aren't there ANY figures from 2000 years ago that share all our current modern - day beliefs ?
LATER :
. . . BESIDES the version of me that was sent back in time and left snarky - ass notes carved into rocks , which , when assembled properly , read " FUTURE " " ME " " I'M " " TRAPPED " " IN " " THE " " PAST " " SO " " YOU " " CAN " " JUST " " SUCK " " AN " " EGG " ? ?
T - REX WAIT HOW DID YOU KNOW THOSE 2000 - YEAR - OLD ROCKS WERE CARVED BY YOU
God , please !
I've long made it a habit to assume ANY unknown historical figure is me !
It's a great assumption . Not only does it turn me into the most influential person in history , but it ensures that at some point before I die , I'll go back in time and set things up so things are exactly as I remember them now . If that means being an unknown figure throughout history thousands of times , so be it ! It sounds rad to me !
What if you never actually go back in time though ?
No worries !
On my deathbed I'll say " Aw man , I always thought I'd go back in time and mess with history " , and then hopefully I'll disappear in a flash of temporal light because , actually , I've just gone back in time to mess with history .
. . . I see . So if I said that nobody knows who the historical King Arthur was ?
I'd say , " That's me ! " His exploits shall be going to have been being done by me !
Future perfect continuous passive ?
Ahem . Future perfect continuous passive , bitches .
Guys ! Is it too late for a career change ? What's the consensus of when it's too late for a career change ?
IT'S NEVER TOO LATE FOR A CAREER CHANGE T - REX
Super !
Alright , from now on I am a FLAVOUR SCIENTIST , and before you say " That's not a real job , that's something gourmands with labcoats call themselves " , I will tell you that we flavour scientists are responsible for all them natural and artificial flavours in the processed food you eat .
" All THOSE natural and artificial flavours " , you mean .
Please , Dromiceiomimus , I'm a scientist .
So flavour scientists invent tastes , then ?
Precisely !
Well I'm hoping you'll invent tastes yet untasted , T - Rex . Throw off the shackles of outrageous orange and " screamin' green " ! Let's see what nostalgia tastes like , or summer ! Give me my romance flavoured Fruit Roll - Ups !
I'm on it ! !
LATER .
Okay ! Which do you want to try : " criminal obsession " , or " nightmare terror " ?
Uh . . . nightmare terror , I guess ?
Excellent ! BUT I WARN YOU :
They're both basically scabs and grape juice
Okay , yes , I'll admit it . Last night I fell down the stairs . But it doesn't make me less of a man ! In fact , it makes me MORE of a man !
I fell down stairs and I am none the worse for wear !
And before you ask what happened , Dromiceiomimus , I'll assure you I was simply being ultra manly , and then I was being TOO manly , and then I fell down the stairs .
What really happened ?
I . . . um , I just stood up too fast and then I passed out . Don't spread it around , though , okay ? It's kinda UNMANLY .
What ? There's nothing unmanly about that !
I stood up too fast while exiting a HOT TUB .
Men go in hot tubs ! They're manly ! !
The water was dyed pink . Aaaand there was a sign pointing to the hot tub that said " WIMPY DUDES ( IN THEIR OWN WIMPY TEARS ) " .
There - -
And I was right beneath the arrow , waving to everyone who passed by .
Huh ! You know what ?
In retrospect , there already were some serious concerns with how my day was going
Okay , yes , I'll admit it . Last night I fell down the stairs . But it doesn't make me less of a man ! In fact , it makes me MORE of a man !
I fell down stairs and I am none the worse for wear !
And before you ask what happened , Dromiceiomimus , I'll assure you I was simply being ultra manly , and then I was being TOO manly , and then I fell down the stairs .
What really happened ?
I . . . um , I just stood up too fast and then I passed out . Don't spread it around , though , okay ? It's kinda UNMANLY .
What ? There's nothing unmanly about that !
I stood up too fast while exiting a HOT TUB .
Men go in hot tubs ! They're manly ! !
The water was dyed pink . Aaaand there was a sign pointing to the hot tub that said " WIMPY DUDES ( IN THEIR OWN WIMPY TEARS ) " .
There - -
And I was right beneath the arrow , waving to everyone who passed by .
Huh ! You know what ?
In retrospect , there already were some serious concerns with how my day was going
Sometimes when you love someone a lot , you're willing to say , " I'm pretty sure I'm going to love you until I'm dead , EVEN IF I don't die for a totally long time ! "
PROPOSING MARRIAGE
a web card
Sometimes you're willing to say that although the future is unknowable , and although our cells are replaced by new ones so in the end the person we are at 60 isn't really the same person we were at 20 , not really , not even physically , although there are elements of continuity in personality , sure , but what is that except how we respond to events , and that's just habit - -
THE PERSON WHO SENT THIS CARD LOVES YOU .
Yes ! ! The person who sent this card loves you so much !
They love you more than anyone on the PLANET !
And so it comes down to this : they want to explore the rest of their life with you . A marriage can be anything you want it to be , and they want to build one with you .
Aww !
Will you marry the sender of this , the most romantic of the free web cards ?
Yes !
No .
Who is this , I don't recognize the from address at all
Sometimes when you love someone a lot , you're willing to say , " I'm pretty sure I'm going to love you until I'm dead , EVEN IF I don't die for a totally long time ! "
PROPOSING MARRIAGE
a web card
Sometimes you're willing to say that although the future is unknowable , and although our cells are replaced by new ones so in the end the person we are at 60 isn't really the same person we were at 20 , not really , not even physically , although there are elements of continuity in personality , sure , but what is that except how we respond to events , and that's just habit - -
THE PERSON WHO SENT THIS CARD LOVES YOU .
Yes ! ! The person who sent this card loves you so much !
They love you more than anyone on the PLANET !
And so it comes down to this : they want to explore the rest of their life with you . A marriage can be anything you want it to be , and they want to build one with you .
Aww !
Will you marry the sender of this , the most romantic of the free web cards ?
Yes !
No .
Who is this , I don't recognize the from address at all
In 1704 , Alexander Selkirk was a sailor who was all , " DUDES , pretty sure this ship is going to sink . " Then later , he was all -
" Pretty sure it's still gonna sink , dudes ! ! "
So at his own request his sailor friends marooned him on a deserted island and sailed away . And it turns out they did sink ! But Alex didn't know that on account of how he was marooned alone for the next FOUR YEARS . He thought he'd be rescued in days , not years !
How'd he survive ?
He ate vegetables and shot feral goats , left behind from earlier voyages !
And when his gunpowder ran out , he hunted with his BARE FRIGGIN' HANDS .
Sounds pretty manly !
Man , he was ultimate manly ! He made clothes out of goat skin , sewing them with a NAIL . When his shoes wore out , he discovered his feet had levelled up so much that he didn't even need 'em anymore . And after he was rescued , he went back out to sea !
What finally killed him ?
He died of yellow fever while at sea . It totally sucks , because if his yellow fever had been as big as a goat instead of microscopic , he would've killed it BY HAND and eaten it .
It sounds gross but I totally think he would've done it ! !
I don't rent my place . Oh no .
I pay my landlord a monthly bribe to ensure the roof over my head doesn't disappear !
And when I'm hungry , you know what I do ? I walk right into a grocery store , steal a cart , fill it up with whatever foods I want , and then I FINANCIALLY COERCE their cashiers to let me leave with the goods ! Other times I barge into a diner , sit myself down , and just TELL whoever comes by what I want cooked for me . And all it costs is a little " hush money " at the end of the meal !
You're pretty bad - ass , T - Rex !
I'm the bad - assingest !
It all started , Utahraptor , when I decided to stop paying bills and instead start offering bribes .
For the precise amount of the bill , yeah .
Not always ! At restaurants I like to " sweeten the pot " , and that little kickback is taken . Every . Single . Time .
LATER :
$ 15 in accumulated chequing overage fees ? !
ATTENTION , BANK :
I am not fully convinced you've earned SO MANY TINY BRIBES
I don't rent my place . Oh no .
I pay my landlord a monthly bribe to ensure the roof over my head doesn't disappear !
And when I'm hungry , you know what I do ? I walk right into a grocery store , steal a cart , fill it up with whatever foods I want , and then I FINANCIALLY COERCE their cashiers to let me leave with the goods ! Other times I barge into a diner , sit myself down , and just TELL whoever comes by what I want cooked for me . And all it costs is a little " hush money " at the end of the meal !
You're pretty bad - ass , T - Rex !
I'm the bad - assingest !
It all started , Utahraptor , when I decided to stop paying bills and instead start offering bribes .
For the precise amount of the bill , yeah .
Not always ! At restaurants I like to " sweeten the pot " , and that little kickback is taken . Every . Single . Time .
LATER :
$ 15 in accumulated chequing overage fees ? !
ATTENTION , BANK :
I am not fully convinced you've earned SO MANY TINY BRIBES
Has my effect on the world been a net positive or a net negative thing ?
Dudes ! I have no idea ! !
How do you measure positive influence ? If I'd invented PEACE it would be easy . But peace was already totally invented when I was born ! Similarly , if I'd invented a machine that only causes pain , then it's easy to see that I'm probably a net drain on the planet .
A device that only causes pain ?
You know , scissors that only work on soft , living flesh or whatever .
Those could be used by doctors !
TRUE . And that's why it's so muddled !
The guy who invented the Nobel Prize also invented dynamite ! Oppenheimer worked on the atomic bomb AND on his relationships ! How am I supposed to figure out if I'm net good or bad ?
In the end , make sure the love you take is equal to the love you make ?
Um , Utahraptor !
That puts me back at ZERO
It's true , everyone !
Your parents were totally awesome !
They made a series of decisions small and large that led to their meeting and your birth , which sounds boring until I rephrase it and tell you they held THE VERY FACT OF YOUR LIFE in their hands , casually and unwittingly playing with the essence of your existence ! Also , they lived in a world where you didn't even exist , which is something YOU'LL never be able to say !
That doesn't make my parents awesome !
Sure it does !
Living in a universe without you ? It was TOTALLY RAD , Utahraptor . I'd tell you more about it , but , you know .
It's too awesome .
Man , you're not that much older than me !
Besides , if we live for the same amount of time then I'LL get to live in a world where you no longer exist !
What ? ! Do you think it's going to be cool ? ?
Maybe ! !
Noooooo
Attention , folks with low self - esteem !
Pretty sure you've got no - one to blame for that but yourself ! !
And by that I mean , of course , only that it's really easy to feel good about yourself . For instance , I've recently picked up a hobby , and it's been super great ! I signed up for an English as a Second Language course .
English is already your first language , T - Rex .
Guess what , Dromiceiomimus ? Now it's my second language too ! !
The courses are SO EASY , Utahraptor !
Yeah , I'd imagine !
Seriously , I'm top of the class ! By like , a really large margin .
But can't you see someone with low - self esteem feeling even worse , once they realize they've spent all this money on a class they don't need just to feel better than others who haven't had the same advantages ?
LATER :
Dear audio diary ! Is it terrible to say " It occurs to me that if I had different friends , I wouldn't be wrong all the time " ?
Because it totally occurs to me that if I had different friends , I wouldn't be wrong all the time ! !
Attention , folks with low self - esteem !
Pretty sure you've got no - one to blame for that but yourself ! !
And by that I mean , of course , only that it's really easy to feel good about yourself . For instance , I've recently picked up a hobby , and it's been super great ! I signed up for an English as a Second Language course .
English is already your first language , T - Rex .
Guess what , Dromiceiomimus ? Now it's my second language too ! !
The courses are SO EASY , Utahraptor !
Yeah , I'd imagine !
Seriously , I'm top of the class ! By like , a really large margin .
But can't you see someone with low - self esteem feeling even worse , once they realize they've spent all this money on a class they don't need just to feel better than others who haven't had the same advantages ?
LATER :
Dear audio diary ! Is it terrible to say " It occurs to me that if I had different friends , I wouldn't be wrong all the time " ?
Because it totally occurs to me that if I had different friends , I wouldn't be wrong all the time ! !
Attention , folks with low self - esteem !
Pretty sure you've got no - one to blame for that but yourself ! !
And by that I mean , of course , only that it's really easy to feel good about yourself . For instance , I've recently picked up a hobby , and it's been super great ! I signed up for an English as a Second Language course .
English is already your first language , T - Rex .
Guess what , Dromiceiomimus ? Now it's my second language too ! !
The courses are SO EASY , Utahraptor !
Yeah , I'd imagine !
Seriously , I'm top of the class ! By like , a really large margin .
But can't you see someone with low - self esteem feeling even worse , once they realize they've spent all this money on a class they don't need just to feel better than others who haven't had the same advantages ?
LATER :
Dear audio diary ! Is it terrible to say " It occurs to me that if I had different friends , I wouldn't be wrong all the time " ?
Because it totally occurs to me that if I had different friends , I wouldn't be wrong all the time ! !
In the 1600s scientists from history were discovering a lot of things about science ! It was an exciting time to be a scientist from history !
But they were also concerned about people stealing their ideas !
So while still working out the particulars , they'd publish the basics of their ideas IN SECRET CODE . Robert Hooke's published his law of elasticity as " ceiiinosssttuv " . And Newton wrote a letter to his chum Leibniz where he was all " 6accdae13eff7i2l9n4o4qrr4s8t12ux " , which uses numbers to represent how often the letters appear , and which , unencoded , is the Latin version of , oh , I don't know , HIS FUNDAMENTAL THEORY OF CALCULUS ? ?
And unbeknownst to him , Leibniz was working on inventing calculus too !
Exactly !
So when Leibniz announced he'd invented calculus , Newton said he'd invented it first ! But if Newton had just told Leibniz about calculus instead of encoding it in the first place , there'd have been no controversy .
It was an exciting time to be a scientist AND an anagramist !
Indeed ! In comparison , being an anagramist today is totally boring , as nobody is encoding fundamental discoveries into word games anymore .
12t10o8e7a6l6n6u5i5s5d5h5y3I3r3fbbwwkcmvg
In the 1600s scientists from history were discovering a lot of things about science ! It was an exciting time to be a scientist from history !
But they were also concerned about people stealing their ideas !
So while still working out the particulars , they'd publish the basics of their ideas IN SECRET CODE . Robert Hooke's published his law of elasticity as " ceiiinosssttuv " . And Newton wrote a letter to his chum Leibniz where he was all " 6accdae13eff7i2l9n4o4qrr4s8t12ux " , which uses numbers to represent how often the letters appear , and which , unencoded , is the Latin version of , oh , I don't know , HIS FUNDAMENTAL THEORY OF CALCULUS ? ?
And unbeknownst to him , Leibniz was working on inventing calculus too !
Exactly !
So when Leibniz announced he'd invented calculus , Newton said he'd invented it first ! But if Newton had just told Leibniz about calculus instead of encoding it in the first place , there'd have been no controversy .
It was an exciting time to be a scientist AND an anagramist !
Indeed ! In comparison , being an anagramist today is totally boring , as nobody is encoding fundamental discoveries into word games anymore .
12t10o8e7a6l6n6u5i5s5d5h5y3I3r3fbbwwkcmvg
Guys , I could die tomorrow ! But that's not the worst of it !
I COULD TOTALLY BE DYING RIGHT NOW .
And I'm not even talking about that " we're all dying every second of our life " thing because YEAH , OBVIOUSLY , we're all dying all the time , thanks for reminding me , Captain I Say Stupid Things At Parties . I meant that I could be in the first stages of head explosion disease or any other affliction that can end a life suddenly and without warning ! Right this instant !
Yeah , but the same goes for all of us !
That's supposed to make me feel better ?
That any one of my friends could die without a moment's notice ? Oh , thanks , I feel way better now !
It wasn't supposed to cheer you up , T - Rex .
It was supposed to warn you .
Well , I'd like to thank last night for that little dream , as well as the movie I watched before bed for the inspiration !
Oh ! And my subconscious for these waking nightmares that haunt me still !
Guys , I could die tomorrow ! But that's not the worst of it !
I COULD TOTALLY BE DYING RIGHT NOW .
And I'm not even talking about that " we're all dying every second of our life " thing because YEAH , OBVIOUSLY , we're all dying all the time , thanks for reminding me , Captain I Say Stupid Things At Parties . I meant that I could be in the first stages of head explosion disease or any other affliction that can end a life suddenly and without warning ! Right this instant !
Yeah , but the same goes for all of us !
That's supposed to make me feel better ?
That any one of my friends could die without a moment's notice ? Oh , thanks , I feel way better now !
It wasn't supposed to cheer you up , T - Rex .
It was supposed to warn you .
Well , I'd like to thank last night for that little dream , as well as the movie I watched before bed for the inspiration !
Oh ! And my subconscious for these waking nightmares that haunt me still !
Guys , I could die tomorrow ! But that's not the worst of it !
I COULD TOTALLY BE DYING RIGHT NOW .
And I'm not even talking about that " we're all dying every second of our life " thing because YEAH , OBVIOUSLY , we're all dying all the time , thanks for reminding me , Captain I Say Stupid Things At Parties . I meant that I could be in the first stages of head explosion disease or any other affliction that can end a life suddenly and without warning ! Right this instant !
Yeah , but the same goes for all of us !
That's supposed to make me feel better ?
That any one of my friends could die without a moment's notice ? Oh , thanks , I feel way better now !
It wasn't supposed to cheer you up , T - Rex .
It was supposed to warn you .
Well , I'd like to thank last night for that little dream , as well as the movie I watched before bed for the inspiration !
Oh ! And my subconscious for these waking nightmares that haunt me still !
Dromiceiomimus , come quick ! I think I might be . . .
. . . A GENIUS !
Um , why do you think you're a genius , T - Rex ?
A few reasons ! The main one is I heard that genius is the ability to come up with concepts that would otherwise have to be taught , and I'VE TOTALLY DONE THAT . Remember ? Remember Punchette , The Power Punch Bear ?
. . . No ?
Yeah you do ! The bear with the punch . . . that punched other punches !
Anyone could have come up with that !
I respectfully disagree !
Anyone intelligent could have come up with a " power punch " , sure , but imagining a bear that can punch other punches ? That requires what can only be called . . . " super genius " .
Wish fulfillment
. . .
What just happened
Whatever dudes ! I'm pretty sure I'm a genius over here .
And when a genius is pretty sure , that's like ABSOLUTE CERTAINTY for regular folks !
Oh , regular folks . I call them " norms " , Dromiceiomimus .
Ah .
Sometimes . . .
Sometimes I call them " The clouds that must be there to truly appreciate the sun " .
So what do you do with your genius ?
Oh man ! ANYTHING I WANT ! !
Okay - impress me ! Use your genius .
I warn you , Utahraptor : what happens next may BLOW YOUR MIND .
I'm ready . Amaze me .
SHORTLY :
If I were a woman , T - Rex , when we could TOTALLY DATE .
T - Rex ? You haven't said anything in a few -
I'm busy ! !
Whatever dudes ! I'm pretty sure I'm a genius over here .
And when a genius is pretty sure , that's like ABSOLUTE CERTAINTY for regular folks !
Oh , regular folks . I call them " norms " , Dromiceiomimus .
Ah .
Sometimes . . .
Sometimes I call them " The clouds that must be there to truly appreciate the sun " .
So what do you do with your genius ?
Oh man ! ANYTHING I WANT ! !
Okay - impress me ! Use your genius .
I warn you , Utahraptor : what happens next may BLOW YOUR MIND .
I'm ready . Amaze me .
SHORTLY :
If I were a woman , T - Rex , when we could TOTALLY DATE .
T - Rex ? You haven't said anything in a few -
I'm busy ! !
Alright everyone ! Let's do our friggin' TAXES again , okay ?
Let's do them every year until we die , okay ?
And let's continue to pretend computers don't exist and that relying on PAPER RECEIPTS for proof of taxable expenses is a really awesome idea .
What's your alternative , a government keeps track of all your money and does your taxes for you ?
I do recognize that's bad , but it's a FUTURE bad that must be weighed against the PRESENT bad of taxes being totally stupid and I hate them .
Hi , my name's T - Rex and I'm complaining about taxes again ! Surprised ?
Oh , hello T - Rex !
My name's Utahraptor , and I'M gonna say something holier - than - thou soon about taxes being a privelege to pay as they allow society to function . I kinda like being way BETTER than everyone else , you know ?
No , actually - I wouldn't know .
. . . Okay ! I wanna be T - Rex again now !
You're MESSING HIM UP
Alright everyone ! Let's do our friggin' TAXES again , okay ?
Let's do them every year until we die , okay ?
And let's continue to pretend computers don't exist and that relying on PAPER RECEIPTS for proof of taxable expenses is a really awesome idea .
What's your alternative , a government keeps track of all your money and does your taxes for you ?
I do recognize that's bad , but it's a FUTURE bad that must be weighed against the PRESENT bad of taxes being totally stupid and I hate them .
Hi , my name's T - Rex and I'm complaining about taxes again ! Surprised ?
Oh , hello T - Rex !
My name's Utahraptor , and I'M gonna say something holier - than - thou soon about taxes being a privelege to pay as they allow society to function . I kinda like being way BETTER than everyone else , you know ?
No , actually - I wouldn't know .
. . . Okay ! I wanna be T - Rex again now !
You're MESSING HIM UP
God , you're omnipotent , right ? Which means you can do ANYTHING ?
SURE - I GUESS
Super !
Then I would like for you to create . . . A ROCK SO HEAVY THAT YOU COULD NEVER LIFT IT ! !
OKAY DONE .
What ? You just did it ?
YES AND LET ME TELL YOU - THIS - MY FRIEND - IS ONE HEAVY ROCK
Man , that was SUPPOSED to illustrate the paradox of omnipotence !
Ah , yes !
If you can do anything , then you can do things that prevent yourself from doing other things and therefore you can't do anything .
Yeah , except I asked God to make a rock he couldn't lift , and he did !
Well , this could mean he's not omnipotent anymore !
NO MAN I CHANGED MYSELF SO I CAN LIFT IT AND NOW I'M SO RIPPED THAT WHEN I FLEX MY SHIRT TEARS OPEN - THE REAL QUESTION IS CAN I MAKE A SHIRT SO TOUGH THAT MY NEW MUSCLES WON'T TEAR IT - PRETTY SURE THE ANSWER IS NOPE
It's spring soon , Dromiceiomimus ! And you know what that means !
BIKE RIDES
Oh man , are we going to RIDE THE HECK OUT OF OUR BIKES shortly ?
We are going to RIDE OUR BIKES TO PIECES as soon as the weather permits , T - Rex ! !
Dromiceiomimus , I am so happy that we live in a place and time that will soon permit bike rides !
With ice cream ?
With ice cream ! !
We're going to bike down to the ice cream store and we're going to get ice cream and nobody's ice cream is going to fall into the dirt , I PROMISE . The near future is gonna be great , Utahraptor ! Tomorrow's nothing but ice cream on wheels .
NICE .
THE END
It's spring soon , Dromiceiomimus ! And you know what that means !
BIKE RIDES
Oh man , are we going to RIDE THE HECK OUT OF OUR BIKES shortly ?
We are going to RIDE OUR BIKES TO PIECES as soon as the weather permits , T - Rex ! !
Dromiceiomimus , I am so happy that we live in a place and time that will soon permit bike rides !
With ice cream ?
With ice cream ! !
We're going to bike down to the ice cream store and we're going to get ice cream and nobody's ice cream is going to fall into the dirt , I PROMISE . The near future is gonna be great , Utahraptor ! Tomorrow's nothing but ice cream on wheels .
NICE .
THE END
It's winter again in less than nine months , Dromiceiomimus ! And you know what that means !
STAYING HOME A LOT AND NOT DOING MUCH
Oh man , are we going to WATCH MORE TV THAN MAYBE WE'D PREFER in less than nine months ?
We are going to TALK TO EACH OTHER UNTIL EVERYONE IS BORED as soon as the weather gets super cold , T - Rex ! !
Dromiceiomimus , we live in a place and time that insists summer can't last forever , and to that I say : FRIG THAT .
Spring's not even here yet and you're complaining about winter ?
Next winter though !
Look , if you had a summer that lasted forever , you'd never have the excitement of spring .
Hmm . . . I guess in the case of eternal summer I could contemplate your point . . . IN A HAMMOCK ON THE BEACH WHILE SIPPING JUICE OUT OF A COCONUT SHELL ! !
LATER :
It's -
It's often too cold to do that in winter
It's winter again in less than nine months , Dromiceiomimus ! And you know what that means !
STAYING HOME A LOT AND NOT DOING MUCH
Oh man , are we going to WATCH MORE TV THAN MAYBE WE'D PREFER in less than nine months ?
We are going to TALK TO EACH OTHER UNTIL EVERYONE IS BORED as soon as the weather gets super cold , T - Rex ! !
Dromiceiomimus , we live in a place and time that insists summer can't last forever , and to that I say : FRIG THAT .
Spring's not even here yet and you're complaining about winter ?
Next winter though !
Look , if you had a summer that lasted forever , you'd never have the excitement of spring .
Hmm . . . I guess in the case of eternal summer I could contemplate your point . . . IN A HAMMOCK ON THE BEACH WHILE SIPPING JUICE OUT OF A COCONUT SHELL ! !
LATER :
It's -
It's often too cold to do that in winter
We're reaching a point where gendering professional nouns is not usually considered acceptable .
There's no more " poetesses " or " cartoonistellas " , you guys !
But I'm not sure we should give up on professional suffixes so quickly . Sure , maybe indicating gender is pass ? , but we can still indicate other things !
Like what ?
Like , say , SEXUAL ATTRACTIVENESS ? A lawyer can practice law , but a lawyerkapow can practice law AND looks super hot doing it ! !
How is this close to a good idea ?
Maybe you're tired of not knowing if a given lawyer is super hot !
Then you can look at the lawyer and make your own decision ! Tying someone's physical appearance to their job is terrible . How'd you feel if everyone in your class was a studentkapow , but you were just a student ?
I don't know , probably DAZZLED BY THE RAW PHYSICALITY OF EVERYONE AROUND ME ?
You know , I keep forgetting I need to say " how do you think OTHERS would feel " and not " how would you feel " for questions like this .
Yep !
And I keep forgetting to remind you !
We're reaching a point where gendering professional nouns is not usually considered acceptable .
There's no more " poetesses " or " cartoonistellas " , you guys !
But I'm not sure we should give up on professional suffixes so quickly . Sure , maybe indicating gender is pass ? , but we can still indicate other things !
Like what ?
Like , say , SEXUAL ATTRACTIVENESS ? A lawyer can practice law , but a lawyerkapow can practice law AND looks super hot doing it ! !
How is this close to a good idea ?
Maybe you're tired of not knowing if a given lawyer is super hot !
Then you can look at the lawyer and make your own decision ! Tying someone's physical appearance to their job is terrible . How'd you feel if everyone in your class was a studentkapow , but you were just a student ?
I don't know , probably DAZZLED BY THE RAW PHYSICALITY OF EVERYONE AROUND ME ?
You know , I keep forgetting I need to say " how do you think OTHERS would feel " and not " how would you feel " for questions like this .
Yep !
And I keep forgetting to remind you !
SELF IMPROVEMENT
Sometimes you need to look in the mirror and say " That , my friend , is someone with some friggin' FLAWS . "
It sucks , but you have to do it at least sometimes !
Then the next thing you have to do is improve yourself . For example , if you look in the mirror and say " Man , that guy's totally underinformed about world events " , then you should follow the news more .
What are your flaws , T - Rex ?
Aha ! A trick question ! For you see , I ran this exercise JUST THIS MORNING and have thus removed all flaws !
Okay , what flaws did you remove then ?
Two of them , actually !
The first one was that I was TOO HANDSOME , so I just raised my standards some . Now I'm just the right amount of handsome .
Uh - huh . And the second ?
" Too Many Pants " .
SELF IMPROVEMENT
Sometimes you need to look in the mirror and say " That , my friend , is someone with some friggin' FLAWS . "
It sucks , but you have to do it at least sometimes !
Then the next thing you have to do is improve yourself . For example , if you look in the mirror and say " Man , that guy's totally underinformed about world events " , then you should follow the news more .
What are your flaws , T - Rex ?
Aha ! A trick question ! For you see , I ran this exercise JUST THIS MORNING and have thus removed all flaws !
Okay , what flaws did you remove then ?
Two of them , actually !
The first one was that I was TOO HANDSOME , so I just raised my standards some . Now I'm just the right amount of handsome .
Uh - huh . And the second ?
" Too Many Pants " .
We think time travel might not be possible - - RIGHT NOW , ANYWAY - - because we don't see any tourists from the future !
But man , what makes us so interesting ?
I propose that it's more reasonable to find events from HISTORY that are objectively interesting , and look for time travellers there !
Only we can't visit these events without being time travellers ourselves .
But we can do the next best thing : look for historical events that WOULD'VE been interesting if only they'd gone slightly differently !
You're looking for examples of historical meddling BY time travellers !
Dude , I'VE ALREADY FOUND ONE .
Jaunuary 30 , 1835 : dude pulls a gun on then - president Jackson and shoots him at point - blank range , but his gun misfires . So dude pulls out his BACKUP gun , and that one misfires TOO . It's incredibly unlikely !
So some future dude went back to a SUCCESSFUL assassination and messed with the guns ?
Precisely ! ! Unfortunately , my theory can only be proven true when this time traveller dude brags about it . So time traveller dudes , please feel free to come back in time and brag to me !
I ask ONLY for futurebux
We think time travel might not be possible - - RIGHT NOW , ANYWAY - - because we don't see any tourists from the future !
But man , what makes us so interesting ?
I propose that it's more reasonable to find events from HISTORY that are objectively interesting , and look for time travellers there !
Only we can't visit these events without being time travellers ourselves .
But we can do the next best thing : look for historical events that WOULD'VE been interesting if only they'd gone slightly differently !
You're looking for examples of historical meddling BY time travellers !
Dude , I'VE ALREADY FOUND ONE .
Jaunuary 30 , 1835 : dude pulls a gun on then - president Jackson and shoots him at point - blank range , but his gun misfires . So dude pulls out his BACKUP gun , and that one misfires TOO . It's incredibly unlikely !
So some future dude went back to a SUCCESSFUL assassination and messed with the guns ?
Precisely ! ! Unfortunately , my theory can only be proven true when this time traveller dude brags about it . So time traveller dudes , please feel free to come back in time and brag to me !
I ask ONLY for futurebux
From now on , when someone calls Dr . Frankenstein's monster " Frankenstein " , I will not correct them !
Attention , world ! YOU WIN !
After years correcting people , I am finally conceding this ground . While it is ENTIRELY FACTUAL that Mary Shelley never gave the monster a name as part of a grand symbol for the poor creature's lack of identity , I guess that was pretty much her bad . She should've called him " Stitchy Fleshface " or " Bubba Unhugga " because it turns out we're ENTIRELY UNWILLING to have reanimated flash walking around without sticking a name on it first .
Well , it is kind of a dickish thing to correct people on !
It's not !
Any REASONABLE person would relish the correction and -
Any REASONABLE person would recognize " Frankenstein " could easily be shorthand for " the Frankenstein creature " , just as " Toyota " stands for the Toyota Motor Corporation .
Oh snap ! Utahraptor , you've not only proven me wrong , but you've proven ALL PAST VERSIONS of me wrong too ! YOU HAVE MADE SOME POWERFUL ENEMIES TODAY !
MOST OF THEM ARE TRAPPED IN THE PAST THOUGH , SO NO WORRIES !
" That " is an amazing word in the English language ! It may be an amazing word in other languages too , but it is DEFINITELY an amazing word in English .
It's one of the few words that you can use as often as you want , and still be grammatical !
FOR EXAMPLE : I could say " That is an [ sic ] rad word " , referring to , perhaps , the word 'syzygy' . But then I could ALSO say " That 'that' is an rad word ! " , referring to the 'that' in my previous sentence ! Then I could go on to say that " That 'That " that " ' is an rad phrase " , and so on , to INFINITY .
And you call that grammatical .
It is . Technically !
Man , you know what I call it ?
" You are a good friend , T - Rex , and I'm really sorry if I'm too critical sometimes " ?
. . .
LATER :
Yes indeed !
I won that argument through FEELINGS
Which is the best boat ? The Baychimo is the best boat ! It weighs over a thousand tons and was used to trade pelts with the Inuit in the 1930s !
Already , a pretty sweet boat !
But then it got stuck in ice , so its crew abandoned it , and then two days later it got unstuck , so its crew unabandoned it . Then it got stuck in ice AGAIN , and this time most of the crew was rescued by helicopter . But some stayed , living in a hut they built for warmth ! Then a huge blizzard struck a few weeks later , and when it cleared -
The boat was unstuck ?
The boat was GONE .
So it sunk !
No , man !
It broke free from both the ice AND the need for a crew ! And though people kept finding and trying to salvage her over the next 38 YEARS , she kept escaping . She may still be out there !
I can see why this boat appeals to you .
She totally does !
The only way this boat could be better is if they'd named her the " HMS Hey Screw You Guys " . But whenever I close my eyes and imagine that all I see are the words " TOO RAD " , floating in an otherwise featureless void !
So it's probably best they didn't name her that , huh
Ah , the golden rule . Do unto others as you would have them do unto you !
Pretty crazy !
Following this rule , I could feed my vegetarian friends delicious steak sandwiches , because that's what I'd like ! Mmm - mmm delicious !
Well , no , T - Rex , because you probably wouldn't want to be fed something you didn't like .
Aha , so much for the golden rule ! There's a lot of other awesome variants anyway .
Wait - - are you really abandoning the ethic of reciprocity ?
APPARENTLY , dude !
Now I'm all about " Do unto others AS they do unto you " . Notice the lack of a " would have " . Actually , NOW I'm all about " do unto others before they do unto you . " No wait ! " Do unto others at the same time as they are doing unto you " . That one is about doing things together with friends , I think !
I notice you are leaving ! Could my conversational stylings be partially to blame ? ?
Ah , the golden rule . Do unto others as you would have them do unto you !
Pretty crazy !
Following this rule , I could feed my vegetarian friends delicious steak sandwiches , because that's what I'd like ! Mmm - mmm delicious !
Well , no , T - Rex , because you probably wouldn't want to be fed something you didn't like .
Aha , so much for the golden rule ! There's a lot of other awesome variants anyway .
Wait - - are you really abandoning the ethic of reciprocity ?
APPARENTLY , dude !
Now I'm all about " Do unto others AS they do unto you " . Notice the lack of a " would have " . Actually , NOW I'm all about " do unto others before they do unto you . " No wait ! " Do unto others at the same time as they are doing unto you " . That one is about doing things together with friends , I think !
I notice you are leaving ! Could my conversational stylings be partially to blame ? ?
God , what would you do if you had a secret , and it was awesome , but you were worried that if someone found it out then it wouldn't be as special anymore ?
FLOOD THE PLANET
Huh !
DUDE SO WHAT'S THE SECRET
I'm not telling ! That's why it's a SECRET .
Oooh ! What's a secret ?
Nothing ! I don't have any secrets !
. . . What IS a secret ? Whoah , you guys ! I've had so few secrets that I've JUST NOW forgotten what a secret is !
Wow , that's the least - plausible denial I've ever heard !
And yet , the most compelling ?
Hey man , if you don't want to share your secret with me , that's fine . I'm not gonna pry !
Okay , thanks , because this one is a TOP secret . This is one secret that I'll take with me to my grave .
T - REX I USED OMNIPOTENCE TO FIND OUT YOUR SECRET AND MAN EVERYONE KNOWS THERE'S A HIDDEN 1UP JUST BEFORE THE FIRST PIT IN THE FIRST LEVEL OF SUPER MARIO BROS
Dude ! !
They do NOW
God , what would you do if you had a secret , and it was awesome , but you were worried that if someone found it out then it wouldn't be as special anymore ?
FLOOD THE PLANET
Huh !
DUDE SO WHAT'S THE SECRET
I'm not telling ! That's why it's a SECRET .
Oooh ! What's a secret ?
Nothing ! I don't have any secrets !
. . . What IS a secret ? Whoah , you guys ! I've had so few secrets that I've JUST NOW forgotten what a secret is !
Wow , that's the least - plausible denial I've ever heard !
And yet , the most compelling ?
Hey man , if you don't want to share your secret with me , that's fine . I'm not gonna pry !
Okay , thanks , because this one is a TOP secret . This is one secret that I'll take with me to my grave .
T - REX I USED OMNIPOTENCE TO FIND OUT YOUR SECRET AND MAN EVERYONE KNOWS THERE'S A HIDDEN 1UP JUST BEFORE THE FIRST PIT IN THE FIRST LEVEL OF SUPER MARIO BROS
Dude ! !
They do NOW
You know what's awesome ? When there's a story on the news , and then they go to people " on the street " for their reactions to the story !
Wait , did I say " awesome " ? ! I meant " HOLY COW < SO TERRIBLE ! "
They're stopping the flow of information to literally ask RANDOM STRANGERS what they think . The only way it'd be acceptable is if they prefaced these stupid segments with " and now , here's what some strange folks on their way to do something better had to say ! " but THEY NEVER DO .
It's not that bad , T - Rex !
It's SO BAD .
It's not even scientific , because it's not close to a representative sample . it's just noise ! From now on , whenever the news does this , I'm going to take it as saying " We don't care about facts , just about burning through your finite lifespan ! Hey , here's some guy who'd talk to us . "
Okay

And now , here's what the people outside our studio have been saying .
Attention , news networks ! ! I'm beginning to think you don't take my proclamations at all seriously .
My new video game is amazing , and avoids all the heteronormative baggage that is usually endemic to the medium ! I call it :
" Wow ! Time to Rescues the Prince ( ss ) ! "
It's so great , Dromiceiomimus ! When you finally rescue the prince ( ss ) , he or she turns to you and says " THANK YOU FOR RESCUING ME . NOW , AM I A MAN . . . OR A WOMAN ? "
And then your choice determines their gender ?
Yep ! You press the button for " MAN " and he says " OH NEAT " and if you press the button for " WOMAN " she says " COOL , I HAVE ALWAYS SUSPECTED THAT TO BE THE CASE " .
And what's the gameplay ?
" Amazing " ?
Look , you're trying to bog me down in specifics when I'm dreaming big of amazing end sequences that let you DECIDE who you just rescued .
Okay , but you're not deciding who you rescued , you're just choosing their gender identity .
Not in the new version ! In the new version you choose who you rescued and it says " OKAY , I AM GEORGE CLOONEY . BUT AM I STILL MAN ? ? "
Utahraptor ! What it lacks in grammar it makes up in best game ever !
My new video game is amazing , and avoids all the heteronormative baggage that is usually endemic to the medium ! I call it :
" Wow ! Time to Rescues the Prince ( ss ) ! "
It's so great , Dromiceiomimus ! When you finally rescue the prince ( ss ) , he or she turns to you and says " THANK YOU FOR RESCUING ME . NOW , AM I A MAN . . . OR A WOMAN ? "
And then your choice determines their gender ?
Yep ! You press the button for " MAN " and he says " OH NEAT " and if you press the button for " WOMAN " she says " COOL , I HAVE ALWAYS SUSPECTED THAT TO BE THE CASE " .
And what's the gameplay ?
" Amazing " ?
Look , you're trying to bog me down in specifics when I'm dreaming big of amazing end sequences that let you DECIDE who you just rescued .
Okay , but you're not deciding who you rescued , you're just choosing their gender identity .
Not in the new version ! In the new version you choose who you rescued and it says " OKAY , I AM GEORGE CLOONEY . BUT AM I STILL MAN ? ? "
Utahraptor ! What it lacks in grammar it makes up in best game ever !
If you like it when I'm wrong , then get ready to be SERIOUSLY SAD for the rest of your friggin' life ! !
That's because I'VE come up with a way to never be wrong again !
Dromiceiomimus , ask me how many cells an average adult dinosaur has making up their body .
Okay , how many ?
More than 100 ! Oh snap ! Is that statement FACTUALLY ACCURATE ? ?
It's extraordinarily likely that it's factually accurate , Dromiceiomimus !
So you're right by being as conservative in your estimations as possible !
Yep !
But they're not semantically empty ! I do convey some small information , but words like " at most " or " fewer than " allow me all sorts of leeway !
It seems like this is just going to be annoying .
No no , people will love it , I PROMISE .
And as you know , Utahraptor , fewer than four out of ten people respect my promises - - and possibly more !
. . .
. . . You heard me .
Who would win in a fight , Superman or Batman ?
The answer is " Batman " !
Anyone who doubts this need only remember that Batman is really smart , and that they're probably wrong .
Superman has strength !
Batman has BATMAN SKILLS .
Man , Superman could kill Batman before Bats even knew the fight had started !
Oh , he'd know .
Only because you're assuming he's omniscient . The dude has to sleep ! Superman could laser him from orbit while he's having nappy times .
Batman doesn't have " nappy times " ! !
Sure he does !
Every time he sleeps he puts a sign on his door that says , " Warning : Nappy Times ! Enter only if you have a valid passport to dreamland ! "
OH GOD
OUR FRIENDSHIP HAS NEVER BEEN SO ENDANGERED
Who would win in a fight , Superman or Batman ?
The answer is " Batman " !
Anyone who doubts this need only remember that Batman is really smart , and that they're probably wrong .
Superman has strength !
Batman has BATMAN SKILLS .
Man , Superman could kill Batman before Bats even knew the fight had started !
Oh , he'd know .
Only because you're assuming he's omniscient . The dude has to sleep ! Superman could laser him from orbit while he's having nappy times .
Batman doesn't have " nappy times " ! !
Sure he does !
Every time he sleeps he puts a sign on his door that says , " Warning : Nappy Times ! Enter only if you have a valid passport to dreamland ! "
OH GOD
OUR FRIENDSHIP HAS NEVER BEEN SO ENDANGERED
T - REX DID YOU KNOW THAT THE WORD WITH THE MOST CONSECUTIVE DOUBLE LETTERS IN ENGLISH IS BOOKKEEPER
Incorrect , my friend !
The longest word with these properties is actually " bookkeeppaaddrringo " !
THAT'S NOT A WORD
Sure it is ! I just used it while speaking English ; it is thus an English word !
OKAY FINE BUT IT'S NOT A REAL WORD IT'S NOT A WORD THAT PEOPLE KNOW
Man , if I use it often enough it will be ! It's just not well - known YET .
FINE WHICH WORD IN CURRENT USAGE HAS THE MOST -
Usage depends on the speaker .
What ?
Oh , God was claiming that the English word with the most consecutive double letters is " bookkeeper " but I was letting him know that it's actually -
" Bookkeeppaaddrringo , right ?
Oh my god ! Exactly ! !
HEY YOU KNOW WHAT T - REX
What ?
I'M LIKE 99 % SURE I USED TO LIKE THAT GUY
If my friends are not successful , then I've surrounded myself with losers .
But if my friends are more successful than me , then I'M the loser of the group !
T - rex , this is an awfully merchantile way of looking at things . " Success " can take many forms : financial , personal , and so on ! You might be the best in your circle at , say , lacrosse , while - -
- - while someone else might be the best at having really important feelings and then talking about them ; I know . Let's say I measure success as an appropriately weighted average of all possible forms . The issue remains !
I'm not convinced such an average exists !
Suppose it does , though !
Okay , then all you've really done is assign each of your friends a score and then used that to label some of them " losers " , which is KINDA AWFUL . We don't form friendships with someone to feel better than them ! We're friends with a person because , in some way , they complement us .
Of course ! !
" Complement " had an " e " there , T - rex , not an " i " .
. . . Ohhhh
If I owe someone a hundred bucks , I've got a problem . But only if they remember the debt !
Guys , debt is nothing more than memory !
And a debt forgotten is a debt forgiven . So if you want to break out of an endless cycle of revenge - - which is really just an endless series of perceived debts - - you could do worse than bopping your enemies on the head SO HARD that it causes PERMANENT AMNESIA .
. . . Or - or you could bop yourself , if it's your turn to do the revenging .
Debt's not unique in this , though ! Lots of things rely on memory .
Such as ?
Well , relationships are all about a shared history , right ? If that's forgotten , all that's left is a stranger .
That's true . You can't really love OR hate someone without at least knowing enough about them to inspire that emotion in the first place ! Huh .
So to really hate someone , I have to put in at least SOME effort into making the memory of why I hate them in the first place . That seems kinda - dickish !
And yet , you still hate like 18 different celebrities .
Um , Utahraptor , they were in TERRIBLE MOVIES
Well , I'm really early and I'm not going to be able to get back to sleep . Maybe I'll go for an early - morning walk !
LATER :
I am successfully going for an early - morning walk ! !
Dromiceiomimus ! What are you doing up ?
Oh , hey T - Rex ! I'm normally up at this time , actually . Couldn't leep ?
Nope ! Weird . I always assumed that you had the same sleep schedule as I did !
Looks like I don't !
Hey , T - Rex , what are you doing up ?
Holy crap ! There's this whole shadow world that lives in the early morning , isn't there ? There's a hidden community of folks who get up early and DO THINGS , and I was never included until now !
Yes , it's a wonderful place . Come with me , as I reveal to you our world of magic and whimsy .
LATER :
Dear audio diary ! Today I learnt when someone promises a tour of a land of whimsy , that REALLY just means they want you to buy them breakfast . Period underscore period , diary !
Colon dash openbracket space , period underscore period , diary .
I'm no longer a mere person , cats and kittens . I'm a PERSONAL BRAND . Say goodbye to boring old T - Rex . . .
. . . and say hello to the new , sexy and exciting - SURGE !
" Surge . "
Yes , " Surge " ! It says " dynamic " . It says " power " . And now YOU can say things like " Gentlemen : I've got the urge . . . to SURGE ! ! "
You know , before you call me up or whatever !
I dunno , I think I liked " T - Rex " better !
Impossible !
" Surge " is a way stronger brand ! You know what Surge is , Utahraptor ? It's the tastiest burger you ever ate , mixed in with your favourite musician who just got better , mixed in with next year's car models . This summer , get the urge . Surge .
Well , T - REX , I'm going home .
I have come up with the best way to sound sage and wise ! And it's so easy , too ! All you have to do is respond to statements with one simple phrase :
" Oh , you'll grow out of that ! "
Try it out , Dromiceiomimus ! Tell me something .
Um , I - I really enjoy bicycling ?
Oh , you'll grow out of that . Oh snap !
What's wrong with bikes , Dromiceiomimus ?
I think it makes you sound more dickish than wise !
You'll grow out of THAT , Utahraptor .
Huh . You know what ? I really value our friendship .
Oh you'll grow out of th -
. . .
Nooooooooo !
CLASSICS OF WESTERN LITERATURE COMICS
now performed by DINOSAURS
To be or not to be . . .
That is THE question !
Whether 'tis nobler in the mind to suffer the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune . . .
. . . or to take arms against a sea of troubles , and , by opposing , end them ?
To die , to sleep - no more !
And by " a sleep " we say we end the heartache -
- AND the thousand natural shocks that flesh is heir to !
'Tis a consummation devoutly to be wished .
To die , to sleep , to sleep , perchance to dream . . . Ay , there's the rub , for in that sleep of death what dreams may come , when we have shuffled off this mortal coil ?
MEANWHILE , IN TUDOR ENGLAND :
EXCUSE ME
Monologues are usually performed by one person , T - REX
You know what's racist ? Folks in stories always want to fight dinosaurs . APPARENTLY , we're all good at fighting !
SO RACIST .
While I freely concede that I PERSONALLY am indeed this generation's ultimate fighting machine , and that I can take you apart piece by piece and leave you in a big sloppy ol' pile for the garbage man to take away the next Wednesday , while SIMULTANEOUSLY cutting my nails and barely even noticing these events taking place , not every dinosaur is good in a fight ! You shouldn't assume we're all whirlwinds of destruction .
You know , Batman has this problem too !
Batman !
Yeah , everyone wants to see if they can take on Batman , just as everyone wants to see if they can take a dinosaur .
Oh my god , that's right - I've got the same problem BATMAN has ! Oh man , oh man , this is GREAT ! I've got a new understanding of Batman !
LATER , DISAPPOINTMENT :
Oh wait ! !
I forgot I already HAVE ultimate understanding of Batman
T - REX YOU KNOW THOSE STORIES WHERE A PAUPER AND A PRINCE TRADE PLACES TO SEE WHAT IT'S LIKE TO LIVE LIKE SOMEONE ELSE
Yes ! INTIMATELY .
OKAY
SO DO YOU WANT TO DO IT
Heck yes !
I MEAN DO YOU WANT TO DO IT WITH ME AND WE CAN TRADE PLACES IF IT SUCKS
YOU CAN BE GOD AND I CAN BE A PROFESSIONAL -
LISTEN WHAT IS IT YOU DO ANYWAY
I am a professional sweet dude ! !
REALLY
Yep ! Professional grade ultra sweet dudeness , right here .
What's going on ?
Utahraptor , GREAT NEWS . God and I are going to trade places !
Wow . What could possibly go wrong ?
Nothing , assuming you were sincere in your otherwise rhetorical question !
AND SO :
AW GROSS
GROSS
T - REX'S MOUTH TASTES LIKE T - REX SPIT
In olden times , printing was accomplished using moveable type , which was really just metal pieces with letters and punctuation on them that you'd arrange to form your words and sentences ! So , setting up a new page was slow and expensive .
You'd have to lay out each character by hand !
BORING !
But folks came up with some ways to speed things up . One was to make a cast of commonly - used words and phrases , so when you needed to say " sexy T - Rex " , you could just grab the piece instead of an " s " , an " e " , an " x " , and so on .
If you had a good set of common phrases , you could really speed things up !
And printers had a name for these pieces of multi - character type , right ?
Yep !
Some called them " cliches " , while others called them " stereotypes " - and that's where our words come from ! The stereotype of the sexy T - Rex is analogous to a piece of metal that reads " sexy T - Rex " in reverse , from printers who saved concepts they encountered often .
Neat !
But I still think you should apologize for your " poop - eating dog " comment though .
NEVER
I've SEEN them do it ! !
Ok guys , get ready for my new SCIENCE FICTION EPIC that will blow your - -
FANTASY IS IN NOW
. . . What ? FANTASY is in now ? !
Yeah man now people are all about orcs and vampires and wizards as they have been for like the past five years .
You didn't notice .
NO , I didn't . Maybe because I was too busy enjoying STARSHIP EXPLOSIONS ? Maybe I was too busy enjoying stories that feature the omnipresent threat of the HARSH VACUUM OF SPACE ? ?
Maybe you should've been too busy paying attention to the cultural zeitgeist ? ?
Bah !
Utahraptor , we live in the future . I can go out TODAY and buy an mp3 player that also can store a small number of PHOTOGRAPHS . Clearly people will give up on high fantasy soon enough and get back to basics , which is and always has been robots who are unsure if they have feelings . You'll see !

What the hell , now everybody's into pretty princess courtroom romances instead ! !
Anyway , I'm - I'm actually totally down with this
Ok guys , get ready for my new SCIENCE FICTION EPIC that will blow your - -
FANTASY IS IN NOW
. . . What ? FANTASY is in now ? !
Yeah man now people are all about orcs and vampires and wizards as they have been for like the past five years .
You didn't notice .
NO , I didn't . Maybe because I was too busy enjoying STARSHIP EXPLOSIONS ? Maybe I was too busy enjoying stories that feature the omnipresent threat of the HARSH VACUUM OF SPACE ? ?
Maybe you should've been too busy paying attention to the cultural zeitgeist ? ?
Bah !
Utahraptor , we live in the future . I can go out TODAY and buy an mp3 player that also can store a small number of PHOTOGRAPHS . Clearly people will give up on high fantasy soon enough and get back to basics , which is and always has been robots who are unsure if they have feelings . You'll see !

What the hell , now everybody's into pretty princess courtroom romances instead ! !
Anyway , I'm - I'm actually totally down with this
You know who never forgets ?
THE FRIGGIN' INTERNET .
Time was , you could tell a lie and then you'd be able to forget about it after a few weeks ! But NOW when you lie on the internet you have to remember the lie forever ! It's enough to make me say " Man , screw you , internet ! ! " It's enough to make me put down the newspaper , fold it in two , smooth down any wrinkles , peer over my glasses and say " Screw the TCP / IP protocol AND all seven layers of the network stack " .
Reading a newspaper makes you an authority on network architecture ?
Heck if I know , dude !
But you can't deny that when I described myself doing that , there wasn't a little voice in your head saying " Wow , this guy knows the score . Man . We should give him money . "
I can and do deny it !
Wait ! I think he's your conscience , Utahraptor !
I - I think I can hear him ; it sounds like he's saying something . It sounds like - " T - Rex should have all the money in our wallet , that is called ETHICS . " ?
You were talking about the internet . . . ?
Utahraptor now he's saying he likes me better !
You know who never forgets ?
THE FRIGGIN' INTERNET .
Time was , you could tell a lie and then you'd be able to forget about it after a few weeks ! But NOW when you lie on the internet you have to remember the lie forever ! It's enough to make me say " Man , screw you , internet ! ! " It's enough to make me put down the newspaper , fold it in two , smooth down any wrinkles , peer over my glasses and say " Screw the TCP / IP protocol AND all seven layers of the network stack " .
Reading a newspaper makes you an authority on network architecture ?
Heck if I know , dude !
But you can't deny that when I described myself doing that , there wasn't a little voice in your head saying " Wow , this guy knows the score . Man . We should give him money . "
I can and do deny it !
Wait ! I think he's your conscience , Utahraptor !
I - I think I can hear him ; it sounds like he's saying something . It sounds like - " T - Rex should have all the money in our wallet , that is called ETHICS . " ?
You were talking about the internet . . . ?
Utahraptor now he's saying he likes me better !
Okay , so I did some reading into vampires . Vampires are not that awesome , but on the other hand they're actually kinda wicked awesome because they're the only fictional beings with a canonical mental disorder !
Obsessive - compulsive disorder , you guys !
Let's go over vampire facts , shall we ? Vampires won't enter your house until they are specifically invited . Obsessive - compulsive ? CHECK . If you throw poppy seeds on the grave of a vampire , you'll be safe because they'll be up all night counting the seeds instead of biting you ! OCD ?
My friends , that is an ULTRA - CHECK .
Well , I'm not sure if -
If you're being chased by a vampire , cross a bridge !
THEY WON'T CROSS RUNNING WATER .
Okay , that is kinda compulsive .
They have oddly specific sleep needs AND an irrational fear of certain foods . They're totally OCD , Utahraptor , and knowing this makes it really easy to deduce NEW vampire facts and weaknesses !
If you don't want a vampire to bite you , touch a subway pole when they're watching you , then rub your hands all over your neck !
Hold on , that -
- that one works on pretty much everybody .
The clothing you wear influences how others perceive you . If it doesn't declare who you are , it at least declares who you want to be perceived as !
I - I think I finally understand fashion .
These , um , aren't very deep insights , T - Rex .
Man , they are for me ! I thought fashion was ridiculous because when things go out of style you're left with , I don't know , a cute little skirt you can't wear anymore . That happens , right ? And it seemed wasteful and irrational , but now I get it : you no longer like the reaction OTHERS have to the skirt , and thus , it no longer represents YOU .
And I can totally use this knowledge to design my OWN clothes .
Clothes that speak of identity ?
Exactly ! Pants that say " I am a successful person ! " Shirts that say " IN A FEW YEARS I'LL HAVE COMPLETELY FORGOTTEN WHAT I DID TODAY " . Cuff - links that say " Life is a precious gift ( WHAT the HELL am I DOING ) " .
These seem to be getting more and more depressing .
I don't know what's wrong ! !
LATER :
Utahraptor , I managed to pull it out with the best shirt design EVER . It appeals to everyone who has ever worn clothes .
What's it say ?
" THERE / now I'm not naked anymore " ? ?
The clothing you wear influences how others perceive you . If it doesn't declare who you are , it at least declares who you want to be perceived as !
I - I think I finally understand fashion .
These , um , aren't very deep insights , T - Rex .
Man , they are for me ! I thought fashion was ridiculous because when things go out of style you're left with , I don't know , a cute little skirt you can't wear anymore . That happens , right ? And it seemed wasteful and irrational , but now I get it : you no longer like the reaction OTHERS have to the skirt , and thus , it no longer represents YOU .
And I can totally use this knowledge to design my OWN clothes .
Clothes that speak of identity ?
Exactly ! Pants that say " I am a successful person ! " Shirts that say " IN A FEW YEARS I'LL HAVE COMPLETELY FORGOTTEN WHAT I DID TODAY " . Cuff - links that say " Life is a precious gift ( WHAT the HELL am I DOING ) " .
These seem to be getting more and more depressing .
I don't know what's wrong ! !
LATER :
Utahraptor , I managed to pull it out with the best shirt design EVER . It appeals to everyone who has ever worn clothes .
What's it say ?
" THERE / now I'm not naked anymore " ? ?
Once upon a time there was a brilliant scientist named Mary ! Guys , Mary had her own problems .
She was born with a disease where she only saw in black and white !
Also , she's spent her entire life in single black - and - white room equipped with a black - and - white computer screen . Despite this she's still super successful , and has learnt each and every piece of the physical information there is to learn about the neurophysiology of vision ! She knows EVERYTHING about how colour works , how light interacts with the eye , and so on .
Good work , Mary !
And then one day doctors cure her disease and let her out of the room !
Exactly !
when she first looks up at a beautiful blue sky and actually experiences colour for the first time - does she learn anything new ?
I don't know , I just wanted to release Mary from the prison you'd built for her . Later , she finds a great partner and is super happy !
What ? No ! She's still not sure if seeing colour helped -
She interrupts that thought to say the whole room thing was a dream , and reminds herself that she's really an astronaut ! From the FUTURE .
. . .
. . . Go on
In the 60s the CIA was experimenting with cats . They were making spy cats !
SPY CATS , you guys !
But rather than giving cats adorable little matching suits and attach ? cases , WHICH WOULD HAVE BEEN AWESOME , they instead cut one open , implanted a battery and a microphone , and turned his tail into an antenna .
A primitive cyborg ?
Exactly !
The plan was that the cat could listen in on sensitive conversations completely unnoticed !
Did it work ?
Well , they spent over five years and fifteen million dollars on it , but in the first and only field test Cyborgocat wandered onto the street , got run over by a cab , and was killed instantly .
Ouch .
And then the project was dismantled .
It was a lot of money wasted , HOWEVER the project was named " Operation Acoustic Kitty " , which is ADORABLE . The moral of the story is this : whoever was in charge of naming secret CIA projects in the 60s was doing their job super well !
THE END .
In the 60s the CIA was experimenting with cats . They were making spy cats !
SPY CATS , you guys !
But rather than giving cats adorable little matching suits and attach ? cases , WHICH WOULD HAVE BEEN AWESOME , they instead cut one open , implanted a battery and a microphone , and turned his tail into an antenna .
A primitive cyborg ?
Exactly !
The plan was that the cat could listen in on sensitive conversations completely unnoticed !
Did it work ?
Well , they spent over five years and fifteen million dollars on it , but in the first and only field test Cyborgocat wandered onto the street , got run over by a cab , and was killed instantly .
Ouch .
And then the project was dismantled .
It was a lot of money wasted , HOWEVER the project was named " Operation Acoustic Kitty " , which is ADORABLE . The moral of the story is this : whoever was in charge of naming secret CIA projects in the 60s was doing their job super well !
THE END .
HOW TO ASK SOMEONE OUT ON A DATE
Asking folks out is EASY . But first , you need to find someone you find super attractive !
CHECK .
And now that you've met me , you need to figure out what I'm into . Come up with something I can't resist ! Do I like movies ? Dancing ? Eating burgers until I've eaten ALL the burgers ?
T - Rex , do you want to go out with me this weekend ? I thought we could go on a hot air balloon ride , eat all the burgers , and then PARACHUTE OUR WAY HOME .
YES .
Holy crap YES .
This is what I'm talking about ! ! This is going to be the best date ever IN TIME .
It may be illegal though !
Man , who's going to catch us ? There's no such thing as SKY POLICE , Utahraptor . Laws don't extend more than 100 meters off the ground anyway .
Sometimes I wonder where you get your facts from . Discredited children's books ? That's my current theory .
. . . Is it discredited children's books ?
LATER :
Dear audio diary ! You know what ?
The best dates are the ones where , even if you get arrested , you're still totally gonna do it again .
The problem with trying to achieve immortality by setting a world record is that there's always going to be someone better than you ! If I eat 50 burgers , some chump will eventually eat 51 !
And though I never thought I'd say it , fifty - one is just TOO MANY BURGERS .
What I need is a world record that can never be beaten .
You could be the first to do something !
Yeah , but all the GOOD firsts have been taken ; all that's left are the duds ! I don't want to be the first person to be kissed by a horse who really means it . .
I - I just DON'T .
You should've been Jacques Piccard or Don Walsh !
What'd they do ?
They made the first voyage to the very deepest part of the ocean , the Challenger Deep . It's a first , but it's also a FARTHEST , as these guys went literally as deep as you can go on Earth . It's a record that only be tied , not beaten !
. . . You could dig a hole .
What ? All I'm saying is it's conceivable that one day someone will go to the bottom on the ocean , dig a hole , and sit in their ship in that hole for a while !
The future sparkles with possibility , UTAHRAPTOR
My new book is a collection of fairy tales .
A collection of SCIENCE FICTION fairy tales , that is ! !
For example , Cinderella is exactly as it was before , only now Prince Charming has access to an advanced computer SO AMAZING that parts of it can exist only in hyperspace !
And he uses it to find his true love ?
What ? No , he doesn't know how to use it . I told you , the plot is exactly as it was before . This awesome stuff is all in the background !
And in Little Red Riding Hood , there's robot suits !
Used to fight the wolf ?
How old is Little Red Riding Hood , like , four ? Six ? She wouldn't know how to operate one . Besides , their interiors are scaled for adults . No , she proceeds as she normally does .
These sound really bad .
Hello ? Bad is the new totally totally sweet !
I call my tales , " Stories to Make You Say 'Why Don't These Characters Just Use A Phaser , Man , There's Clearly A Phaser In The Background There' "
The subtitle is " Look At It , I Think It's The Kind From Star Trek " !
My new book is a collection of fairy tales .
A collection of SCIENCE FICTION fairy tales , that is ! !
For example , Cinderella is exactly as it was before , only now Prince Charming has access to an advanced computer SO AMAZING that parts of it can exist only in hyperspace !
And he uses it to find his true love ?
What ? No , he doesn't know how to use it . I told you , the plot is exactly as it was before . This awesome stuff is all in the background !
And in Little Red Riding Hood , there's robot suits !
Used to fight the wolf ?
How old is Little Red Riding Hood , like , four ? Six ? She wouldn't know how to operate one . Besides , their interiors are scaled for adults . No , she proceeds as she normally does .
These sound really bad .
Hello ? Bad is the new totally totally sweet !
I call my tales , " Stories to Make You Say 'Why Don't These Characters Just Use A Phaser , Man , There's Clearly A Phaser In The Background There' "
The subtitle is " Look At It , I Think It's The Kind From Star Trek " !
In cartoons , when you're really smart , your head gets ginormous .
Pretty sweet deal , my friends !
I would love it if there were outward indicators of being a super genius . I would love it if when someone said " Is there a super genius in the room ? " , as folks are wont to do , I could just point to my GIANT THROBBING VEINY HEAD and raise one eyebrow .
And then what ?
They'd say " Thanks for answering my question ! "
They'd say " I just wanted to know who was the smartest " , and then they'd go on to say " I'm really glad to find out that you are thew smartest , T - Rex . "
I feel like I'm reading T - Rex fan fiction , written by T - Rex .
And does it feel like COMING HOME ? ?
Does it feel like the first taste of a homecooked meal after days of terrible fast food ? Does it feel like pulling on a favourite sweater , the smell of fabric comforting you in a way that you can BARELY EVEN EXPLAIN ? ?
. . . Because if so , maybe we should TALK
Today is the day I move into a new house ! But it's also the day I say goodbye to the old place , where I've lived for years and years . I feel like someone slipped me a nostalgia - sauce sandwich !
A nostalgia - sauce sandwich of FREEBASED NOSTALGIA PILLS .
By which I take it you're nostalgic already ?
Dude , my nostalgia's so deep that KIERKEGAARD'S still struggling through chapter one . Check it : when I move out , not only am I leaving behind the place , but I'm also leaving behind who I was when I lived there . But since I haven't moved out yet , that's still who I am right now ! Somehow , Dromiceiomimus , I've developed nostalgia for myself !
But you'll always have memories , both of past / currently present you and of the place !
Hah ! MEMORIES .
All the memories I have - both of the place and of myself when I lived there - cannot help but to fade and alter with time , becoming truncated , inconsistent , impressionary . . .
I suppose when you break it down that way , you are leaving behind quite a bit .
Exactly !
Anyway the place got flooded with cold sewage so whatever
Ah yes , a new move , a new house ! A new beginning , another chance to -
HELLO NEIGHBOUR !
WE MOVED TOO BECAUSE
WE MISSED YOUR SCENT
LATER :
Well , I'm not sure what I was expecting . Oh wait , yes I do ! I WAS EXPECTING TO LEAVE MY INCREDIBLY CREEPY RACOONO - CEPHALOPOD NEIGHBOURS BEHIND . They followed me , Dromiceiomimus ! THEY moved to the place next to MY new place !
Aww ! That's adorable !
IT'S NOT ADORABLE .
It's kinda adorable !
You know what's adorable ? PUPPIES . Not nimble - handed scavengers who EAT LIFE , not multi - armed sea - dwelling cannibals bringing their intellects , vast and cool and unsympathetic , wholly and singularly to bear on the problem of CREEPING ME THE HECK OUT .
I like 'em .
LATER :
WELCOME TO THE NEIGHBOURHOOD , T - REX ! WE BROUGHT YOU SOME PUDDING
What - what kind of pudding ?
IT'S SORT OF LIKE BLOOD PUDDING BUT ON TOP OF THE BLOOD WE ADDED -
- WELL , YOU'LL SEE
Here's a story ! I moved away from my creepy raccoon and cephalopod neighbours , but they moved next door to my new place anyway . The moral of the story is , " You can't run away from your friggin' problems " !
Or - or it's " You can run away from your friggin' problems , but they'll follow you ! "
If your problems are sentient , anyway .
Right , the moral of this story is " You can run away from your friggin' problems , but if they're sentient , they'll follow you ! "
Well , they have to be mobile too !
RIGHT .
Ok , how about " It may be possible to run away from your problems , but under some circumstances - including but not limeted to sentient , mobile friggin' problems - they'll follow you . "
Perfect .
A compelling moral for our time !
LATER , IN T - REX'S BATHROOM :
T - REX , MAYBE THE MORAL IS " WE'RE STILL WAITING TO HAVE OUR CONVERSATION ABOUT THE NATURE OCONSENT " .
. . .
ALSO SOMEBODY'S IN HERE
DON'T YOU KNOW HOW TO KNOCK ?
Alright man ! Today is the day to accomplish some friggin' GOALS . Today is the day to achieve ALL the goalsets ! !

Frig , maybe today's the day to play eighty billion games of solitaire instead !
How do you tell ? How do you know if today is the day to be Captain Achievement or if it's the day to be Captain Maybe Someone Has Sent Me A New Email , Still No Huh , serving proudly under Commodore I've Finally Been Able To Convince Myself That Minesweeper Is Actually Fun , Wow Suddenly I Feel So Much Closer To Death ?
Proud officers all !
You're assuming that a day is predestined to be one of these days !
Perhaps !
You think I should be serving under Air Marshal Today Is What You Make Of It ?
Sure . Sign up to serve with Petty Officer Why Are We Giving Our Opinions Stupid Military Ranks Anyway .
Way ahead of you , Utahraptor ! !
Wait . . . " STUPID military ranks " ? Brigadier General I Thought We Were Friends , Utahraptor ! !
Okay wait suddenly I see your point
Oh heck ! Epitaph Thursday AGAIN ? ?
Ahem .
" Here lies T - Rex ! SURROUNDED BY HIS VICTIMS . "
That one's awesome because it suggests that EVERYONE ELSE IN THE GRAVEYARD was murdered by me , Dromiceiomimus ! The best gravestones , AS YOU KNOW , are the ones that totally mess up everyone else's gravestones .
How about " Here lies T - Rex / He left the world the way he entered it : / Covered in yolk . "
We ARE born in eggs ! !
" Here lies T - Rex ! He died as he lived . . . "
" . . . Go on ! "
Um . " Eventually " ?
Utahraptor ! Epitaph Thursday is about EXCELLENT EPITAPHS . You need to get your head in the game ! !
Okay okay : " Here lies T - Rex / Or at least his body / We found it over there "
Hello ! ! That is THE WORST EPITAPH .
" Here lies T - Rex / Where he's going , he won't need . . . roads . "
. . . !
oh my god YES
Time for some . . .
. . . REVEALING PERSONAL TRUTHS ABOUT OURSELVES !
You go first , Dromiceiomimus .
No , I don't think I'll be revealing any personal truths about myself today .
DROMICEIOMIMUS ! That hardly seems sporting !
Alright , you go then , Utahraptor !
Nope !
Pretty sure I'm not sharing any revealing personal truths about myself either .
Fine ! FINE . I'll be the only one revealing personal truths today . Are you ready for some factual truth bombs ? HERE THEY FRIGGIN' COME !
* ahem *
my friends disappoint me SOMETIMES
Anybody want to trip balls today ? Because I am willing to TRIP BALLS . I am willing to trip ALL the balls .
So check it ! when we look out into space we can see galaxies and so on , and these are really far away ! And light's fast but it still takes time to reach us , so the light from distant stars we're seeing is OLD - sometimes millions , billions of years old ! When we look up into the night sky , we are literally looking into the PAST .
This is an old fact , T - Rex ! I'm barely tripping ANY balls right now .
Okay , but the universe could be shaped like a sphere !
Right !
Which means it could be possible for light to CIRCUMNAVIGATE THE FRIGGIN' UNIVERSE . And if that's possible then some distant galaxies we're observing could really be DUPLICATE IMAGES of other galaxies , formed by incredibly ancient light that's already lapped the Universe once !
Wouldn't we be able to tell ?
How ? Billions of years could've passed ! Will you recognize yourself a billion years from now ? ?
I will , on account of how I will still be TRIPPING ALL THE BALLS
Man , Dromiceiomimus , what if we were married ?
Things would be so WEIRD !
Not really , T - Rex . We'd still be the same people !
Sure , but it's weird to imagine us married and acting exactly the same as we do now . I only see you once a day and then I'm off to talk to someone else - what does that say about our marriage ? ?
That we're comfortable leading our own lives ?
I still think it's weird to imagine marrying someone you already know !
I do too !
But it can be useful : if your reaction is " no way that person and I could be married ! " then you examine why you feel that way , and by doing so tease apart what you think is important in a marriage !
INTERESTING . Utahraptor , we can't be married because . . .
. . . yes ?
. . . because your hugs are not of the quality to which I've become accustomed OH GOD I'M SORRY I NEVER TOLD YOU YEARS AGO BUT THEY ARE TRULY NOT UP TO SNUFF
Did you know you can just walk into a bank and BUY a safety deposit box ? I'm as excited as if I found out you can walk into the FBI and just BUY a robot suit that also turns into a submarine plane tank .
That is to say , BASICALLY PRETTY EXCITED I GUESS !
Why are you so excited about this , T - Rex ? It's just a box kept at the bank .
Um , it's just a box kept at the bank that only I can access , IN A PRIVATE ROOM , and whose contents are kept secret EVEN FROM THE BANK ITSELF ! That's awesome . That may well be the ceiling on how awesome it's possible for a box to be . Plus , you can put secrets in it !
What sort of secrets ?
ALL the secrets !
I'm excited that I can write down all my secrets and stuff them into a box at the bank , and I really don't know why you guys are having so much trouble getting on board with this . SECRETS in a box .
. . . I'm getting one .
LATER , AT THE BANK :
FORTY DOLLARS ?
But I can whisper my secrets into a hole in the ground for FREE
Did you know you can just walk into a bank and BUY a safety deposit box ? I'm as excited as if I found out you can walk into the FBI and just BUY a robot suit that also turns into a submarine plane tank .
That is to say , BASICALLY PRETTY EXCITED I GUESS !
Why are you so excited about this , T - Rex ? It's just a box kept at the bank .
Um , it's just a box kept at the bank that only I can access , IN A PRIVATE ROOM , and whose contents are kept secret EVEN FROM THE BANK ITSELF ! That's awesome . That may well be the ceiling on how awesome it's possible for a box to be . Plus , you can put secrets in it !
What sort of secrets ?
ALL the secrets !
I'm excited that I can write down all my secrets and stuff them into a box at the bank , and I really don't know why you guys are having so much trouble getting on board with this . SECRETS in a box .
. . . I'm getting one .
LATER , AT THE BANK :
FORTY DOLLARS ?
But I can whisper my secrets into a hole in the ground for FREE

sorrys ahoy . "
HOORAY FOR WEB CARDS
Hey ! Okay , this is maybe awkward but the sender of this card thinks you are a REALLY great friend , and he or she likes you very much , and here's the thing , maybe you should be kissing each other .
I'm just throwing that out there . Maybe it's time to gently press some lips together .
Maybe it's time to not ruin the relationship .
UTAHRAPTOR !
THAT is an opinion for another card , perhaps one labelled " So Um , I'm Assuming You Want To Keep This Friendship Platonic ? "
Can we make that card ?
NO .
Actually , yes , but on the inside it has to say " SERIOUSLY ? ? "
Anyway ! Dear card recipient , I have a message for you ! It reads : " It's time for us to smooch up a storm , and OH CRAP , we're right in the middle of HURRICANE ALLEY . "
" . . . Assuming you're down with smooching me , I mean . "
9 AM :
I've got two words for you , world !
ROCK . ON .
10 AM :
I've got two words for you , Dromiceiomimus !
. . . Yes ?
I'm sorry .
12 PM :
I've got two words for you !
. . . Yes ?
Hello , Utah - raptor !
8 PM :
I've got two words for you !
Again ?
Yep , again !
Wait , those weren't supposed to be my two words !
You messed up !
I messed up ! !
11 PM :
I've got two words for you , self !
Maybetomorrowyoucould Tryaccomplishingmoreconcretegoals ! !
9 AM :
I've got two words for you , world !
ROCK . ON .
10 AM :
I've got two words for you , Dromiceiomimus !
. . . Yes ?
I'm sorry .
12 PM :
I've got two words for you !
. . . Yes ?
Hello , Utah - raptor !
8 PM :
I've got two words for you !
Again ?
Yep , again !
Wait , those weren't supposed to be my two words !
You messed up !
I messed up ! !
11 PM :
I've got two words for you , self !
Maybetomorrowyoucould Tryaccomplishingmoreconcretegoals ! !
Let's assume , JUST FOR THE SAKE OF ARGUMENT , than in my remaining 50 years or however long it is I have left , I fail to become immortal .
That implies I've got a finite number of days left !
And THAT implies that I've got to make these days count . It implies that every day is a race against mortality , and even though I'm doomed to lose this race , second place isn't so bad .
Second place is first loser , T - Rex .
NO FEAR
What are you gonna do to secure a respectable second place ?
Same thing I'm already doing , man !
Hanging out with friends , trying to make things rad and myself EVEN MORE AWESOME whenever possible , and , OCCASIONALLY , smooching people who are so ATTRACTIVE I kinda can't even believe it . I want to be able to look back on my life and say . . .
. . . yes ?
Um . . . " neat " ?
" I never DID find out where I left my keys " ?
" Oh crap , her name is 'Emily' , I've been calling her 'Dromiceiomimus' " ?
. . .
. . . SERIOUSLY ? ?
Hello , Dromiceiomimus ! Or should I say . . . EMILY ? ?
Because for some reason I totally believe that's your name !
Even though we're super close and I've known you for years and years , it seems PERFECTLY REASONABLE to me that you'd have a name you never told me . PS : I am an adult .
Hey , you're not actually calling Dromiceiomimus " Emily " are you ?
DUDE .
That's not her name ! She was TOTES OFFENDED .
I thought you knew I was joking ! I thought you knew " Emily " 's not her name .
. . . It's actually " Doctor Madame Frances Experimento , LLC . "
INTERESTING .
Guys , guys ! !
Watch as I believe anything anyone tells me for at least ten minutes ! !
Hello , Dromiceiomimus ! Or should I say . . . EMILY ? ?
Because for some reason I totally believe that's your name !
Even though we're super close and I've known you for years and years , it seems PERFECTLY REASONABLE to me that you'd have a name you never told me . PS : I am an adult .
Hey , you're not actually calling Dromiceiomimus " Emily " are you ?
DUDE .
That's not her name ! She was TOTES OFFENDED .
I thought you knew I was joking ! I thought you knew " Emily " 's not her name .
. . . It's actually " Doctor Madame Frances Experimento , LLC . "
INTERESTING .
Guys , guys ! !
Watch as I believe anything anyone tells me for at least ten minutes ! !
Dromiceiomimus , I'm sorry I thoguht your name was " Emily " .
And then I'm sorry I thought it was " Doctor Madame Frances Experimento , LLC " !
It's okay , T - Rex . You misunderstood a joke , and I'm sorry I got so mad .
Thanks . I'm ALSO sorry I briefly believed it to be " Lady Coughington Coughtalot IV " before landing on the name " Professor Iamhun G . Forpork " .
" Iamhun " . . . ?
Yes , for you see , I was hungry at the time .
. . . For , um , pork ?
Well , technically you were " hungee " at the time , not hungry !
True !
But it can be very difficult to convert states of being into plausible names , Utahraptor .
Oh , have you met my friend , T - Rex ? Idis A . Greeh ?
I HAVE .
SHE IS QUITE CONTRARIAN .
SHORTLY :
Wait , Utahraptor totally made up " Idis A . Greeh " to prove his point !
. . . WHO THE HELL WAS I THINKING OF
Dromiceiomimus , I'm sorry I thoguht your name was " Emily " .
And then I'm sorry I thought it was " Doctor Madame Frances Experimento , LLC " !
It's okay , T - Rex . You misunderstood a joke , and I'm sorry I got so mad .
Thanks . I'm ALSO sorry I briefly believed it to be " Lady Coughington Coughtalot IV " before landing on the name " Professor Iamhun G . Forpork " .
" Iamhun " . . . ?
Yes , for you see , I was hungry at the time .
. . . For , um , pork ?
Well , technically you were " hungee " at the time , not hungry !
True !
But it can be very difficult to convert states of being into plausible names , Utahraptor .
Oh , have you met my friend , T - Rex ? Idis A . Greeh ?
I HAVE .
SHE IS QUITE CONTRARIAN .
SHORTLY :
Wait , Utahraptor totally made up " Idis A . Greeh " to prove his point !
. . . WHO THE HELL WAS I THINKING OF
What day of the week is it ? IT'S NOT IMPORTANT , because all that matters is that today it's time for another . . .
SECRET of the MEDICAL PROFESSION !
Doctors have a difficult job : you come in with symptoms and you expect a diagnosis . And sometimes that's really hard ! Hate to break it to you , Chuckles , but there's always the chance it's all in your head .
There's also the chance your symptoms represent a new and terrible disease unknown to medical science !
And in both these cases a doctor may feel pressured to come up with a reassuring label !
So what do they do ?
They MAKE IT UP !
It's called a wastebasket diagnosis : a disease with symptoms so broad as to be effectively meaningless . But it can do real good ! Having a named disease can lower patient anxiety and even help alleviate symptoms !
Diagnosis as therapy ?
Exactly ! It's like the placebo effect !
. . . in that now that we know about it , IT CAN NEVER HELP US AGAIN
TIPS ON FATHERHOOD from a man who has never been a father
That's me , baby ! !
If you're a father you need to be rad , okay ? ?
And then you need you [ sic ] make sure your child grows up to be EVEN RADDER THAN YOU , because that way we all get more rad as time goes on . And that's something we all can enjoy !
These aren't very practical tips , T - Rex !
Um , NAME ONE SITUATION IN WHICH RADNESS ISN'T PRACTICAL ? ?
Let us say that we agree radness is practical in all situations .
Yes ! LET US .
But I think what Dromiceiomimus was getting at is if you're a father , being told to " be rad " isn't very pragmatic . Let's hear some clear , concise tips on how to be a rad father ! How do we get to that finish line ?
Oh - kay !
LATER :
Okay ! Utahraptor , you know those " # 1 Dad " mugs ? They make thousands of those . You can buy them in bulk .
So ?
So the only tip I've got is this !
DUE TO CONTINUAL MISMANAGEMENT , I'm not sure the award has any meaning left
Hummingbirds have to eat their weight in nectar every day or they DIE .
Hummingbirds : The most BAD ASS ANIMAL ? ?
Oh wait , sorry , that whole " eat their weight in nectar " thing isn't actually true . They actually have to eat FIVE TIMES their weight in nectar every day or they die . That , my friends , is BAD to the ASS to the DEFINITELY TRUE .
Man , those guys are living the dream ! If I even eat one time my weight I'm dead for sure . Stomach exploding disease , Dromiceiomimus .
The downside is they're always a few hours away from starving to death .
That's even MORE badass !
If you've only got a few hours to live , then YOU , Utahraptor , are a bird with nothing left to lose . Holy Crap . You know those religions where you come back as different animals ?
. . . Yes ?
Is there one where you get to choose your animal ? 'Cause I'd be all over " hummingbird " !
Or " mecha - godzilla " .
Or " a new sort of animal that's like a T - Rex except it can eat more and live forever " .
* sigh *
The number of atoms in my body is probably around 6 x 10 ^ 29 . That's a 6 followed by 29 zeroes .
Guys !
That's an awful lot of friggin' atoms !
But to compare , the number of atoms in the universe is EVEN MORE . Let's lowball it and it's at least 10 ^ 80 : that's one followed by eighty zeroes ! And that means that the percentage of the atoms in the universe that's ALL ME is . . . zero point zero zero zero zero zero zero zero zero
zero zero zero zero zero zero
zero
zero zero zero
zero zero zero zero zero
zero
zero zero zero zero zero zero zero zero zero zero zero zero zero
zero zero zero zero zero zero zero zero zero
zero zero six !
. . . which leads us nicely into to [ sic ] my new business card slogan :
NEVER HAS A FRACTION OF A PERCENT BEEN MORE IMPORTANT
The number of hamburgers in my body is probably around 3 . That's a 'thr' followed by two 'e's !
Guys !
That's an acceptable amount of friggin' burgers !
But to compare , the number of burgers in the universe is EVEN MORE . Let's lowball it and say it's at least a million right now : that's one followed by six zeroes ! And that means that the percentage of the burgers in the universe right now that are INSIDE ME is . . . zero point zero zero
zero
zero
zero
four !
Are we sure there's a million burgers on the planet ? That seems a little high .
Really ? I thought it was low . People put hamburgers in warehouses , right ? Burger warehouses ?
I guess ?
. . . anyway , this leads us nicely into my new business card slogan :
HELLO ! I ATE THREE BURGERS TODAY !
" IT'S A START ! "
A DISAPPOINTING DAY
Maybe I should get some laser eye surgery .
Maybe I should get some laser THIGH surgery !
. . .
Maybe I should think before I open my mouth
THE END
Whoah , pretty harsh on yourself th ere !
Not really ! Laser thigh surgery's a dumb idea .
I'm not even sure what the lasers would do !
What w -
And before you say " what WOULDN'T they do ? " to cheer me up , know this :
They would not enhance your thighs , unless you think your thighs would be enhanced by TINY HOLES carve by the focused and mighty gaze of HYPERION HIMSELF .
. . .
. . . Okay yeah that does sound awesome
Which dude spent their weekend painting themselves into all the famous works of art ?
Oh snap ! !
I'm pretty sure it was this dude ! !
Is that ME sitting at the last supper ? I believe it is ! Is that me poking my head in front of the Mona Lisa , obscuring her face entirely ? COULD THAT HANDSOME VISAGE BELONG TO ANYONE ELSE ?
You painted yourse -
Is that ME playing poker with dogs ? Yes ! Is that me riding the backseat of a rearing horse with Napoleon ? IT MOST DEFINITELY IS SUPPOSED TO BE .
Let me guess : you did this to teach yourself painting ?
Yep ! Partially !
The other reason is that I know this guy with a fallout shelter , so I'm giving him the paintings . That way , in the case of NUCLEAR APOCALYPSE , future remnants of civilization may have only my paintings to go off of .
. . . And eventually they'll think you're this really great , important guy !
Precisely ! ! I figure , sheesh , SOMETHING good has to come out of the nuclear apocalypse , you know ?
For me , I mean
" My ultimate woman " , by me , T - Rex .
* ahem *
My ultimate woman is pretty much super awesome , OKAY ? ?
She loves me and she's super smart at lots of things , but I'm still smarter at a few things , like knowing how to skateboard best , and we get along really well . Oh ! And she's a flapper . AND an aviatrix !
A flapper aviatrix , huh .
Yep ! And she's got those retro goggles and cap and EVERYTHING .
And a plane with shark teeth painted on the front !
Oh my god . YES .
And you know how they'd paint an enemy kill count tally on the side ? Well she's got a bunch of cow silhouettes instead , and she's leaning against the wing eating a burger as big as her head .
. . .
. . . Holy crap . I -
I think I just ruined myself for every other woman .
No regrets , Utahraptor ! !
Fifteen dollars , a plastic dancing flower , a copy of Windows for Workgroups that I found in an alleyway .
All these are things I've loaned out and which have not been returned !
And I'm CALLING IN THE DEBTS , Dromiceiomimus ! I'd like my Windows for Workgroups back please .
I never borrowed that from you .
THEN WHO DID ? ?
Um , you're not allowed to lend out that software like that , T - Rex !
Who's going to stop me ? ?
Well , probably no - one , but by loudly demanding your software back , you're also loudly admitting to COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT .
Man , you know what ? It's WINDOWS for WORKGROUPS . The last person to actually use this software died in like 1855 .
Computers didn't exist back -
HE WENT BACK IN TIME .
To tell everyone how he borrowed it from me and how now I'm never going to get it back and how he's SUCH A DICK
" My ultimate baby " , by me , T - Rex .
* ahem *
My ultimate baby is kinda okay , I guess ! !
It's not too fussy and it's toilet trained super early . Oh ! ALSO , it's one of those super genius babies that learns how to speak in a few months and has a fully developed personality .
Those don't exist ; T - Rex , those are movies .
Oh . I'm sorry ! Are you suggesting I shouldn't even dream as big as the producer of a TALKING BABY MOVIE ? ?
Okay , so you've got a talking baby .
Yes ! And it's sassy !
And it's solving all my problems . It's sitting me down at night saying , " Look , T - Rex , here's what you're doing wrong . " and when I'm just at the point of hopelessness , it says " No problem , T - Rex . Here's how you fix everything . " I - I love my ultimate baby .
Too bad it doesn't exist , huh ?
What -
What is there to say but " yes " ?
Is it creepy to try to touch a glass that you saw a celebrity has drinken from ?
IF SO , is it creepy to then take it home ?
AND BEFORE YOU ANSWER , is it creepy to declare that this is your new favourite glass , and that only you and the celebrity are allowed to drink from it ?
Well -
AND BEFORE YOU ANSWER THAT , is it creepy if I cup my hands around your ear and whisper that maybe you can drink from it on an OCCASIONAL basis ? ?
I'm gonna say . . . yes ?
Okay !
Well , then I guess I'm creepy , because I totally did those things . I stole a glass because someone I'd seen on TV touched it . I didn't know I was that sort of creeper , Utahraptor , but here we are .
Who's the celebrity ?
DOES IT MATTER ? I found out I'm a creepy stalker ! !
Who knows what I'll find out about myself next ? Maybe I'm the kind of guy who keeps hair in a box ! !
. . . What ?
I don't know !
GOTTA KEEP SOMETHING IN IT
now ! which one of us produces hair ?
I think I have a problem , guys .
I think I have some feelings !
Yep , I definitely think I got some feelings on me . And as a man who inures himself to all but the most entertaining of emotions , I am neither inclined nor equipped to deal with these feelings !
What feelings ?
I don't want to talk about them , Dromiceiomimus ! On account of how they're SUPER BORING ? ?
Haha , you've got a case of the feelings !
I know !
But I'm looking for help , not for teasing .
Well , without knowing what these feelings are , um - I suppose you could figure out their root cause , and then deal with that issue ?
FINE , but if this doesn't solve the feelings then I'm gonna be SUPER CHEEZED ! !
. . . Wait . Feeling cheezed is a feeling ! And that feeling will automatically drown out any leftover original feelings !
T - REX WINS AGAIN
GREETINGS T - REX IT'S THE DEVIL GUESS WHERE I WENT DOWN TO LAST WEEK
Man ! Georgia ?
WHAT
CORRECT
T - REX'S BUSY DAY
HEY T - REX GUESS WHAT I DID LAST NIGHT
Um - you caught up on your reading , focusing mainly on periodicals ?
T - REX DID YOU FORGET THAT I AM GOD AND THAT READING OLD MAGAZINES IS SOMETHING ONLY NON - GODS DO
BECAUSE IF SO THERE WILL BE VERY FEW RAISED EYEBROWS WHEN I ANSWER YES TO YOUR QUESTION
30 PM )
Guess what I just ate , Utahraptor !
Um -
ALL THE CHEERIOS
So in conclusion that's TOTALLY how I ate all the cheerios !
Wow , I can really see why you'd want to talk about this for over an hour !
Was that sarcastic ? Sorry , I couldn't quite hear you over ALL THE CHEERIOS I JUST ATE , UTAHRAPTOR .
05 PM )
30 PM )
Utahraptor , hi ! It's me , T - Rex ! On speakerphone !
Listen , my tummy hurts
Let's suppose we all have cows ! Ladies and gentlemen : this is totally awesome .
Now we all have cows !
But let's also say we all share a field for them to graze in . The problem is that any field can only support so many cows - - any more and those ladies will gobble the grass faster than it can regrow !
So it's in our shared interest not to overcow the field .
NO OVERCOWING . Yes !
But if I add just ONE extra cow , it's not going to be the end of the world .
Exactly !
But the tragedy is we might ALL rationally conclude " one more cow won't hurt " , which destroys the field ! Worse , we can foresee this situation , and realize our only option left is to get all our cows in the field as quickly as possible , BEFORE it's gone .
That's pretty terrible .
To conclude : this is why I got the heck out of authority - free shared land cow ownership !
S - T - R - E - S - S .
Let's say the average person can expect to live for 81 years . That's a little over 2 . 5 billion seconds .
Honestly , I - I kinda thought it'd be more .
2 . 5 billion is really not that much !
I thought I'd compare the seconds in a life to the molecules in a glass of water , but even a gram of water has over ten sextillion molecules in it ! Even if I measure my life in nanoseconds I'm still not on a par with a gram of boring ol' WATER .
Molecules are super tiny , T - Rex ! You should measure yourself in bigger units .
Like . . . cubic millimeters ?
That'd give you 2500 litres . That's a lot !
Dude , that's just a a GIANT BATHTUB .
I want to visualize my lifespan as something impressive !
Okay : 2 . 5 billion kilometers is enough to make a one - way trip to Saturn and get most of the way back before dying , OR to travel part of the way to Uranus , but again , dying well before you arrive .

Dear audio diary ! Today I learned why we measure lifetimes in years and not in " failed trips to Uranus where only corpses show up at the end " .
It's , um - for the reasons you'd expect , basically .
When you borrow money from someone , they usually charge you interest . I just figured out why !
It's RENT MONEY .
The lender is renting out money , just the same as if they'd rented out a helicopter ! And just like the familiar helicopter rental , I've got to pay money to rent it - usually proportional to the value of the thing borrowed and for how long I've got it .
Also , eventually I've PROBABLY got to return the helicopter .
That's what interest is , T - Rex ! It's rent .
I always thought it was something special !
But the only difference between interest and rent is the interest is paid in the same medium as the thing borrowed , which , in a single word , is KINDACRAZY . It's like renting a helicopter and then paying rent in tiny pieces of helicopter !
You're big into helicopter analogies , huh ?
Utahraptor , how long have we been friends ? !
Your question insults us both
When you borrow money from someone , they usually charge you interest . I just figured out why !
It's RENT MONEY .
The lender is renting out money , just the same as if they'd rented out a helicopter ! And just like the familiar helicopter rental , I've got to pay money to rent it - usually proportional to the value of the thing borrowed and for how long I've got it .
Also , eventually I've PROBABLY got to return the helicopter .
That's what interest is , T - Rex ! It's rent .
I always thought it was something special !
But the only difference between interest and rent is the interest is paid in the same medium as the thing borrowed , which , in a single word , is KINDACRAZY . It's like renting a helicopter and then paying rent in tiny pieces of helicopter !
You're big into helicopter analogies , huh ?
Utahraptor , how long have we been friends ? !
Your question insults us both
The Walk of Shame is when you're coming home in the same clothes you partied in last night . You spent the night somewhere else , maybe you had sexy times , and therefore you're to be ashamed !
That , my friends , is BALONEY SANDWICHES !
They should call it the " Walk of Oh Look , My Night Didn't End At Ten Thirty " or maybe the " Walk of I Am In Full Possession Of My Sexual Identity " or maybe even the " Walk of Stop Assuming I Had Sex , Maybe We Talked And Then Had Ice Cream ; Ice Cream Is Awesome Too and Don't Lie , You Want Some Right Now . "
Speaking of which ! Dromiceiomimus , would you like to go get some ice cream ?

That was extremely delicious ice cream !
Yeah , I'm glad you could join us !
What was I talking about . . . ? Oh yeah , the " walk of shame " - it's a stupid term and they should call it the " Walk of I'm Still Hungry for Ice Cream ; Let's Go Get More Ice Cream . "
. . . Okay

Attention , everybody ! !
I , um , find it difficult to have opinions around ice cream .
Oh crap , has it been four years ? That means World Cup Football has started again ! And THAT means it's time for . . .
. . . what ?
No , that's not what it's time for . It's World Cup fever time ! ! And that means it's ALSO time for . . .
Oh my gosh NO .
What's going on , T - Rex ?
Hold on . Soccer ! It's time for . . .
. . .
. . . what ?
Nevermind . I'M GOING HOME .

Okay , LAST CHANCE ! It's time for . . .
. . . Neato
I used to be a guy who'd say , " Historians : nice folks ! They are Most Definitely not screwing with us . "
I used to volunteer those very sentences at parties !
NOT ANYMORE !
Okay , so according to HISTORIANS there was a dude named Tarrare who lived in France and ate a lot . And when he ran out of food , he ate scraps . And then garbage from the gutter . And then he joined the army where he gobbled a meal meant for 15 men , and then he ate a cat a live . And then he threw up its fur . And later he was hospitalized and then later accused of trying to eat CORPSES from the MORGUE .
You call shenanigans ? ?
I CALL SHENANIGANS .
Probably there was a Tarrare dude who ate a lot , sure . WE'VE ALL BEEN THERE . But his story is ridiculous . The army wanted to use him as a spy because they could keep boxed secret messages in his amazing distended stomach ? And when he proved he could swallow boxes whole , they gave him 30 pounds of raw bull lungs as a reward ? ?
That should've been ME
So uh , it turns out that the flouride in toothpaste is , um , TOXIC . POISONOUS . There's enough flouride in a tube of toothpaste to END LIVES . Dentists weren't joking about not swallowing toothpaste !
Dentists weren't joking about a lot of things !
This is super concerning , Dromiceiomimus ! I've been putting poison in my mough , TWICE A DAY , and RUBBING IT AROUND . Three times a day if I''m lying to my dentist !
There's barely enough in a tube to kill a child , T - Rex , and that's if they eat it . It'll take much more than a tube of toothpaste to take you down !
How much more ? TWO tubes ? THREE ?
I'M PRETTY SURE YOU CAN BUY THEM IN BULK .
Man , you're looking at this the wrong way !
For years , you've been dosing yourself - - twice daily - - with a tiny amount of poison . If anything , you've built up an immunity !
. . . Oh my gosh , you're right ! I MAY WELL BE IMMUNE TO FLOURIDE POISONING .
Assuming immunity works like in the movies ! And also assuming that , rather than swallowing the poison , I just rub it all over my teeth .
And the best part is : that's what I was ALREADY planning to do anyway !
What's life like for the objectively beautiful people ? It's probably great to look in the mirror and think " WOAH , STILL AWESOME " , but on the other hand , people would always treat you differently !
Maybe it gets boring when people are super nice to you all the time !
MAYBE that waitress brought you a free dessert because you're easy on the eyes , not because you're actually a nice person who truly deserves a fudgie brownie chocsplosion ! Maybe that stranger offered you their seat not out of basic kindness and decency , but because they liked your handsomeness . How could you be certain of the sincerity of ANY interaction ?
Man , how can ANYONE be certain of the sincerity of anything ?
I -
When someone's nice to you , maybe it's because youre beautiful , but maybe it's because you're so UGLY that he honestly doesn't know what else to do . Maybe he's acting SUPER NORMAL because if he acts prejudiced against uggos , or handsomos , or averagos , or whatever it is he thinks you are .
Maybe EVERYONE draws you with hearts for eyes . Or maybe with stink lines instead ? Maybe they doddle their first name with your last ; maybe they doddle their name and THEN write " drew T - Rex with stink lines : hilarious . "
Dude , precisely half of your hypotheticals are really hurting my feelings !
I propose a new law : that folks cannot be held responsible for what they do while they're sleeping !
Motion : PASSED !
Now when I'm asleep and I burp in a hilarious way , I'm not to be made to feel bad about it ! When I wake up , we can ALL share a laugh together , okay ? ? And the same goes if I pass gas or pick my nose or whatever . TOTALLY HILARIOUS , and also TOTALLY NOT MY FAULT .
People claim to have been sexually assaulted by people who were sleeping .
. . .
. . . Really ? That's how we're playing this ? I'm proposing a fanciful law to get out of GAS EMBARRASSMENT , and you're Mister Hey Guys , I'm Gonna Bring Up Serious Incidents of Possible Sexual Assault .
Lawmakers have to consider the full impact of their laws !
I'M NOT A LAWMAKER !
I'm a GUY with OPINIONS who I guess FARTS while he SLEEPS
Is it that time again ? Has the hour finally been struck ? Should I send not to know for whom the bell tolls , because it tolls for me ? IS IT TRULY TIME . . .
. . . FOR MORE EUPHEMISMS FOR SEX ? ?
Okay ! Let's call sex " wacky times for two or more , but actually usually one " , " kinda weird hugs " " kinda weird hugs with benefits " , or " annoying the bed " .
And let's call kissing " the check to see if my lips are smushy " .
" The double - check " !
And what of oral sex ?
UTAHRAPTOR ! The most salacious of all raptors !
How about " mouthrotica " ? " Switching to handsfree mode " ? " Racking up roaming charges " ? " Checking to see if 3G access is available in my area " ?
Those became less funny and more " things you do with cellphones " .
Yep !
I've got my own problems , AND a new cellphone .
Vampires are in , right ? That's not too passe ? We're not all into ants that have combined themselves together to form the shape of a giant ant yet ? Yes ?
Then prepare for my amazing " Vampire Novel 2000 " !
Ahem . Vampire Novel 2000 ! Vampire Novel 2000 opens up on the first page , where the title of the book is printed . Your eyes caress the words , your lips mouthing them as you read : 'Vampire Novel' . And then , two numbers that are also four , the paradox of repeated digits . 2000 . A number that promise the future . A year , but more than a year : an aesthetic . The future we all remember , now novelized , and also with vampires .
Are you going to do anyting beyond describe the reading process ?
Dude , that's the book !
It's a book ABOUT reading a book , and what's more , it's a book about READING THE VERY BOOK THAT YOU'RE CURRENTLY READING . Oh , sorry ! DID I JUST BREAK YOUR MIND ?
It sounds kinda . . . terrible .
Oh , how awful !
That is the only sentence someone whose mind is broken can say .
What's today ? Friday ? Is it Friday ? Or is it . . .
JUDGE EVERYTHING BY THE SAME STANDARDS YOU'D JUDGE A ROMANTIC COMEDY BY DAY ?
HOW'S YOUR SANDWICH ?
My sandwich has a sassy female lead , and I use " sassy " in the delicious sense and " female lead " in the novel - but - soon - to - be - familiar " spiced ham and brie cheese interior " sense .
Mine started off promising enough , but derailed in the third act .
Oh my god I know EXACTLY WHAT THAT'S LIKE .
HOW'S YOUR LOVE LIFE ?
Um - 90 minutes long ?
The perfect length !
HOW'S YOUR BODY IMAGE ?
Good , I guess ? Produced by the combined efforts of hundreds if not thousands of people , all of whom expect a profit ?
That one made me sad .
* sigh *
Yeah .
THE NEXT DAY , T - REX'S TAX RETURN IS STILL WAY OVERDUE :
Oh dang it dang it dang it !
NO MORE PROCRASTINATING
What's today ? Friday ? Is it Friday ? Or is it . . .
JUDGE EVERYTHING BY THE SAME STANDARDS YOU'D JUDGE A ROMANTIC COMEDY BY DAY ?
HOW'S YOUR SANDWICH ?
My sandwich has a sassy female lead , and I use " sassy " in the delicious sense and " female lead " in the novel - but - soon - to - be - familiar " spiced ham and brie cheese interior " sense .
Mine started off promising enough , but derailed in the third act .
Oh my god I know EXACTLY WHAT THAT'S LIKE .
HOW'S YOUR LOVE LIFE ?
Um - 90 minutes long ?
The perfect length !
HOW'S YOUR BODY IMAGE ?
Good , I guess ? Produced by the combined efforts of hundreds if not thousands of people , all of whom expect a profit ?
That one made me sad .
* sigh *
Yeah .
THE NEXT DAY , T - REX'S TAX RETURN IS STILL WAY OVERDUE :
Oh dang it dang it dang it !
NO MORE PROCRASTINATING
Spring break ! Woo !
SPRING BREAAAA -
- AAAAAAAAAA -
- AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA -
- AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA -
- AAAAAAAAAAAAA -
- AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA -
- AAAK IS NOT SOMETHING I REALLY HAVE ACCESS TO AS AN ADULT
Spring break ! Woo !
SPRING BREAAAA -
- AAAAAAAAAA -
- AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA -
- AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA -
- AAAAAAAAAAAAA -
- AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA -
- AAAK IS NOT SOMETHING I REALLY HAVE ACCESS TO AS AN ADULT
When going on road trips ( woo ! ) , there are two kinds of drivers ! The first kind of driver is :
The NEVER - STOP :
But I need to pee !
NEVER
THE SCENIC ROUTER
Isn't this a great farmer's market , T - Rex ? Aren't you glad we stopped ?
Oh my god , Dromiceiomimus
Never have I been so bored by corn
Hey , T - Rex , what are you doing here ?
UTAHRAPTOR ?
I didn't expect to find you at a farmer's market . You like corn ?
Well , I like fresh vegetables , including corn .
Excuse me , but what's that noise ? Is it SOMEHOW the sound of you becoming EXTREMELY BORING ? ?
beewooowoooooooooo
OH MY GOD I THINK IT IS
When going on road trips ( woo ! ) , there are two kinds of drivers ! The first kind of driver is :
The NEVER - STOP :
But I need to pee !
NEVER
THE SCENIC ROUTER
Isn't this a great farmer's market , T - Rex ? Aren't you glad we stopped ?
Oh my god , Dromiceiomimus
Never have I been so bored by corn
Hey , T - Rex , what are you doing here ?
UTAHRAPTOR ?
I didn't expect to find you at a farmer's market . You like corn ?
Well , I like fresh vegetables , including corn .
Excuse me , but what's that noise ? Is it SOMEHOW the sound of you becoming EXTREMELY BORING ? ?
beewooowoooooooooo
OH MY GOD I THINK IT IS
Mistakes are terrible . From now on , doctors are NOT ALLOWED to make mistakes , okay ? Excellent .
EXCELLENT .
Also mechanics aren't allowed to make mistakes either . And the police . And judges and lawmakers . And corporations . NO MORE MISTAKES , EVERYONE . It's too easy to say " It was a mistake " , and it's way too easy to say " I'm sorry " . From now on we're all going to try something a little bit harder , and we're going to call it " NOT SCREWING UP " .
Mistakes happen , T - Rex ! We don't have absolute control over everything .
Too easy , Utahraptor !
" Mistakes happen " is the effect , and I'm talking about stopping the cause . Just don't allow mistakes to happen in the first place , and OH SNAP , your homespun excusionary aphorisms will no longer apply !
I look forward to seeing you never make a mistake again .
SO DO I , ACTUALLY .
Man !
Things are gonna be GREAT .
Mistakes are terrible . From now on , doctors are NOT ALLOWED to make mistakes , okay ? Excellent .
EXCELLENT .
Also mechanics aren't allowed to make mistakes either . And the police . And judges and lawmakers . And corporations . NO MORE MISTAKES , EVERYONE . It's too easy to say " It was a mistake " , and it's way too easy to say " I'm sorry " . From now on we're all going to try something a little bit harder , and we're going to call it " NOT SCREWING UP " .
Mistakes happen , T - Rex ! We don't have absolute control over everything .
Too easy , Utahraptor !
" Mistakes happen " is the effect , and I'm talking about stopping the cause . Just don't allow mistakes to happen in the first place , and OH SNAP , your homespun excusionary aphorisms will no longer apply !
I look forward to seeing you never make a mistake again .
SO DO I , ACTUALLY .
Man !
Things are gonna be GREAT .
HOW TO PASS FOR A HUMAN BEING
Human beings are complicated , but they're also not really that complicated . It's super easy to pass for one .
. . . which is great , because that's what you'll be doing for the next 13 cycles !
The most important tip is to invest in at least a level 5 exoform : if you're going to pass for any extended period of time , the added comfort is definitely worth it . Be sure to show many human interests , such as in whether or not other humans like you , in images and stories of what other humans are doing or have done , and SOMETIMES , in getting naked and mixing genetic traits through gamete combination .
HOT .
Also , be sure not to blow your cover !
Yes !
You'd risk undoing combined efforts sustained over 14 zetacycles . In an emergency , fake your own death and make it look like you died of something plausible , like " old age , " or " suffocation . "
Yes . On account of how humans respirate !
PRINT THIS COMIC OUT AND PUT IT IN YOUR WALLET ! THAT WAY , WHEN YOU DIE , IT WILL BE TOTALLY AWESOME WHEN THE AUTHORITIES LOOK FOR ID AND FIND THIS COMIC AND * FREAK OUT *
ASSUMING THEY STOP READING AT PANEL 5 ANYWAY
HANDY PHRASES FOR WHEN SOMEONE HAS JUST HAD A BABY
" Oh , how adorable ! "
" To date , that's definitely the best baby I'VE ever seen ! "
" Have you considered naming the baby after me ? It's a great name ! Ha ha , etc . "
" My goodness , he or she has your smile ! "
" Or other identifying trait ! "
" Neaaaaaaaaat ! "
" I envy your fertile loins . "
" They've really demonstrated the value of teamwork . "
" I was never one to believe in love at first sight , but I confess : I love your child . "
" Not romantically , though . "
" No , I will definitely not love your child romantically until it has reached the age of majority and provided explicit consent . "
" Thank you for inviting me to share this moment with you today . "
HANDY PHRASES FOR WHEN SOMEONE HAS JUST HAD A BABY
" Oh , how adorable ! "
" To date , that's definitely the best baby I'VE ever seen ! "
" Have you considered naming the baby after me ? It's a great name ! Ha ha , etc . "
" My goodness , he or she has your smile ! "
" Or other identifying trait ! "
" Neaaaaaaaaat ! "
" I envy your fertile loins . "
" They've really demonstrated the value of teamwork . "
" I was never one to believe in love at first sight , but I confess : I love your child . "
" Not romantically , though . "
" No , I will definitely not love your child romantically until it has reached the age of majority and provided explicit consent . "
" Thank you for inviting me to share this moment with you today . "
HANDY PHRASES FOR WHEN SOMEONE HAS JUST HAD A BABY
" Oh , how adorable ! "
" To date , that's definitely the best baby I'VE ever seen ! "
" Have you considered naming the baby after me ? It's a great name ! Ha ha , etc . "
" My goodness , he or she has your smile ! "
" Or other identifying trait ! "
" Neaaaaaaaaat ! "
" I envy your fertile loins . "
" They've really demonstrated the value of teamwork . "
" I was never one to believe in love at first sight , but I confess : I love your child . "
" Not romantically , though . "
" No , I will definitely not love your child romantically until it has reached the age of majority and provided explicit consent . "
" Thank you for inviting me to share this moment with you today . "
STUPID DUMB ADVERTISING SLOGAN TECHNIQUES
There are tons of stupid dumb advertising slogan techniques Oh my goodness , they're so terrible . Let's consider a few such as . . .
. . . Style . As in " bakery - style " buns !
This word " style " promises authenticity but delivers the cruelest of approximations . This is the same " style " you'll see in when I offer " enthusiastic - style kisses " , " food - style protein digestibles " , or when you discover your " bakery - style " buns were baked by an AUTOMATION with a CONVEYER - BELT OVEN MOUTH and PRESSURE DIAL eyes .
. . . Which is actually awesome , so um , let's put this one down in the " actually awesome " column .
What about self comparatives ? That's where something is pitched as " 30 % less fat " , but is still fatty !
It's just got less fat than the manufactures own , comparatively fattier product .
That's me punching you in the face , saying " Try my other fist , now with 30 % less fat ! " and then punching you again ! . . . Which is also rad . Huh . I guess I like THIS ad slogan too !
LATER , T - REX IS UPDATING HIS DATING PROFILES :
" I can't stay upset around analogies involving robots OR fight scenes . "
Man !
Colour me dateable ! ! !
WE JOIN OUR STORY AFTER T - REX HAS LOST HIS SENSE OF SMELL :
It happened yesterday , shortly after I was complaining about advertising slogans !
And it was DEFINITELY the most interesting part of my day !
Do you remember it , Dromiceiomimus ? How amazing it was ? How it was awesome , in both the colloquial AND old - schoool biblical sense ?
I do ! And as I recall , it went a little something like this . . .
" YOU WERE TALKING TO UTAHRAPTOR "
Utahraptor ! We meet again , sooner then usual !
Yep !
" YOU ASKED HIM IF HE'D ANYTHING TO ADD ABOUT AD SLOGANS "
Do you have anything to add . . . about AD SLOGANS ? ?
No . No , I think we covered it pretty well earlier .
Okay , me too
" LATER ON , THE CALL OF ADVENTURE WAS HEARD "
Ladies and gentlemen : the mummy's gold isn't going to rescue itself !
" JUST THEN I WONDERED WHY I WAS TELLING YOU ABOUT YOUR OWN RECENT HISTORY "
" A handsome T - Rex has just found out he's spending his summer vacation on the run from the law - - and from the agents of the law that enforce it ! "
Oh snap ! Is it " Everyone Owes Me Five Excellent Movie Ideas Thursday " AGAIN ? ?
" After falling into experimental chemicals , a lovely Dromiceiomimus discovers that she can see the future - - only the future isn't what it used to be ! It's a musical and she must now accustom herself to the idea . "
" A cursed mansion leads a band of teenagers - led by an older and handsome T - Rex - to confront their greatest fear : becoming separated from each other and dying alone in a cursed mansion . "
" Explosions have been going off all over town , and the culprit has escaped justice . "
" SO FAR . "
" A handsome T - Rex investigates , but his pratfalls only interfere with the ongoing police investigation . "
" Someone's poisoned the town's water , and the clock is ticking . Will a handsome T - Rex have time to solve . . . The Riddle of 'Man , Which One Of You Dicks Poisoned The Water Supply ? ' "
" A casual use of the word 'dick' has raised eyebrows across town . Now , one T - Rex ( handsome ) has to confront his destiny in an unrelated matter . "
Guys !
. . . I think that one might be the best yet !
" A handsome T - Rex has just found out he's spending his summer vacation on the run from the law - - and from the agents of the law that enforce it ! "
Oh snap ! Is it " Everyone Owes Me Five Excellent Movie Ideas Thursday " AGAIN ? ?
" After falling into experimental chemicals , a lovely Dromiceiomimus discovers that she can see the future - - only the future isn't what it used to be ! It's a musical and she must now accustom herself to the idea . "
" A cursed mansion leads a band of teenagers - led by an older and handsome T - Rex - to confront their greatest fear : becoming separated from each other and dying alone in a cursed mansion . "
" Explosions have been going off all over town , and the culprit has escaped justice . "
" SO FAR . "
" A handsome T - Rex investigates , but his pratfalls only interfere with the ongoing police investigation . "
" Someone's poisoned the town's water , and the clock is ticking . Will a handsome T - Rex have time to solve . . . The Riddle of 'Man , Which One Of You Dicks Poisoned The Water Supply ? ' "
" A casual use of the word 'dick' has raised eyebrows across town . Now , one T - Rex ( handsome ) has to confront his destiny in an unrelated matter . "
Guys !
. . . I think that one might be the best yet !
Back in the time of History , how sight worked was pretty confusing . Rather than light entering our eyes , folks thought our eyes were sending beams OUT to whatever they were seeing .
Oh snap ! It's the emission theory of vision , bitches !
But if it were true , how come we can't see in the dark ?
Ah , that's because our eye beams need sunlight to work properly . And before you say " How come we can glance quickly at stars and see them even though they're super far away " , THAT'S because our eye beams move infinitely fast , OBVIOUSLY .
The theory also implied that anywhere someone wasn't looking was TOTALLY DARK .
That's kind of awesome !
I know ! I imagine Earth , seen from space , spots lighting up wherever people are looking , darkening briefly as they blink , beams blasting out into the universe whenever someone glances above the horizon .
Totally sweet !
Anyway ! It turns out that emission theory was wrong : our eyes don't shoot out energy beams ; the only things we ever shoot out of our eyes are tears , lymph , and blood .
And even then : ONLY SOMETIMES .
Back in the time of History , how sight worked was pretty confusing . Rather than light entering our eyes , folks thought our eyes were sending beams OUT to whatever they were seeing .
Oh snap ! It's the emission theory of vision , bitches !
But if it were true , how come we can't see in the dark ?
Ah , that's because our eye beams need sunlight to work properly . And before you say " How come we can glance quickly at stars and see them even though they're super far away " , THAT'S because our eye beams move infinitely fast , OBVIOUSLY .
The theory also implied that anywhere someone wasn't looking was TOTALLY DARK .
That's kind of awesome !
I know ! I imagine Earth , seen from space , spots lighting up wherever people are looking , darkening briefly as they blink , beams blasting out into the universe whenever someone glances above the horizon .
Totally sweet !
Anyway ! It turns out that emission theory was wrong : our eyes don't shoot out energy beams ; the only things we ever shoot out of our eyes are tears , lymph , and blood .
And even then : ONLY SOMETIMES .
God , I'm BORED .
HOW CAN YOU BE BORED WHEN AT ANY MOMENT YOU COULD TAKE A BUS TO THE AIRPORT
GO TO THE ARRIVALS AREA
AND HOLD UP A SIGN THAT SAYS " ANYONE WHO JUST WANTS TO FRIGGIN' PARTY "
ANSWER :
YOU CAN'T
But suppose . . . BUSES TO THE AIRPORT HAVE ENDED FOR THE DAY ? ?
THEN YOU COULD WATCH AS A METEORITE PUNCHES THROUGH THE ATMOSPHERE
Hi T - Rex !
One sec .
MOST OF ITS MASS AND SPEED IS LOST AS IT BURNS UP AND ARRIVES NEAR THE SURFACE AS A MERE WARM PEBBLE THAT BOUNCES OFF YOUR RAISED HAND THUS MAKING YOU A RECIPIENT OF THE ULTRA - RARE
SPACE HIGH FIVE
Utahraptor , I've got to go . Holy crap .
SOON :
Man !
Don't leave me HANGING
God , I'm BORED .
HOW CAN YOU BE BORED WHEN AT ANY MOMENT YOU COULD TAKE A BUS TO THE AIRPORT
GO TO THE ARRIVALS AREA
AND HOLD UP A SIGN THAT SAYS " ANYONE WHO JUST WANTS TO FRIGGIN' PARTY "
ANSWER :
YOU CAN'T
But suppose . . . BUSES TO THE AIRPORT HAVE ENDED FOR THE DAY ? ?
THEN YOU COULD WATCH AS A METEORITE PUNCHES THROUGH THE ATMOSPHERE
Hi T - Rex !
One sec .
MOST OF ITS MASS AND SPEED IS LOST AS IT BURNS UP AND ARRIVES NEAR THE SURFACE AS A MERE WARM PEBBLE THAT BOUNCES OFF YOUR RAISED HAND THUS MAKING YOU A RECIPIENT OF THE ULTRA - RARE
SPACE HIGH FIVE
Utahraptor , I've got to go . Holy crap .
SOON :
Man !
Don't leave me HANGING
T - REX'S BEST NIGHT EVER T - REX'S PLACE 9 : 00 PM
DUDE IT IS MOST DEFINITELY TIME FOR SOME HIJINKS
T - REX'S PLACE 11 AM THE NEXT DAY
Best night EVER ! !
Dromiceiomimus , you know those 80s movies where a group of teens have one FINAL CRAZY NIGHT before they all graduate and go their separate ways ? Last night was like that ! Only instead of being a group of teens who learn about life AND each other , I was AN OLDER NON - TEEN who has obligations AND responsibilities !
. . . Wait .
I'm making this sound not as rad as it should be .
Your mistake was comparing yourself to teens , my friend !
Man ! Nobody can compete with teens !
I could be telling you a story about a friggin' SPACE ASTRONAUT and you'd be all " Neato " , but if someone else starting talking about Teen Astro : Astronaut Teenager , there's no way you wouldn't listen .
Teen Astro sounds kinda dumb , actually .
Please !
He's been to Pluto and back . . . and he's still 100 % teen ! !
He's the most compelling character of our generation : we all know it
T - REX'S BEST NIGHT EVER T - REX'S PLACE 9 : 00 PM
DUDE IT IS MOST DEFINITELY TIME FOR SOME HIJINKS
T - REX'S PLACE 11 AM THE NEXT DAY
Best night EVER ! !
Dromiceiomimus , you know those 80s movies where a group of teens have one FINAL CRAZY NIGHT before they all graduate and go their separate ways ? Last night was like that ! Only instead of being a group of teens who learn about life AND each other , I was AN OLDER NON - TEEN who has obligations AND responsibilities !
. . . Wait .
I'm making this sound not as rad as it should be .
Your mistake was comparing yourself to teens , my friend !
Man ! Nobody can compete with teens !
I could be telling you a story about a friggin' SPACE ASTRONAUT and you'd be all " Neato " , but if someone else starting talking about Teen Astro : Astronaut Teenager , there's no way you wouldn't listen .
Teen Astro sounds kinda dumb , actually .
Please !
He's been to Pluto and back . . . and he's still 100 % teen ! !
He's the most compelling character of our generation : we all know it
I'm going to be the most badass old man . You heard it here first ! T - rex eventually equals . . .
ULTIMATE OLD BADASS !
How are you going to pull this off , T - rex ? There are already a LOT of badass elderlies .
True ! But I've got some angles . Like when I'm old and alone and all my friends are gone , I'll end my stories with " And everyone who witnessed THAT little incident ? DEAD . "
Pretty badass , you guys !
They died of old age , but you're implying you killed them ?
I'm not !
I'll just be saying that everyone who saw me poop my pants in grade three had a good laugh , and it took a little while , but now each of them has met their maker .
So - yes . Man , this really seems more morbid than " badass " .
I'm really unsure how bad this ass is .
Wait , wait ! Hold up ! !
Talking about all my friends being dead has made me SAD
I'm going to be the most badass old man . You heard it here first ! T - rex eventually equals . . .
ULTIMATE OLD BADASS !
How are you going to pull this off , T - rex ? There are already a LOT of badass elderlies .
True ! But I've got some angles . Like when I'm old and alone and all my friends are gone , I'll end my stories with " And everyone who witnessed THAT little incident ? DEAD . "
Pretty badass , you guys !
They died of old age , but you're implying you killed them ?
I'm not !
I'll just be saying that everyone who saw me poop my pants in grade three had a good laugh , and it took a little while , but now each of them has met their maker .
So - yes . Man , this really seems more morbid than " badass " .
I'm really unsure how bad this ass is .
Wait , wait ! Hold up ! !
Talking about all my friends being dead has made me SAD
What we think is good is relative ! It changes between individuals , cultures AND over time . Some people think grapes are great , some people hate them with an intensity that scares even the Devil .
I FEAR NAUGHT BUT SAVE FILE CORRUPTION
500 years ago a song wouldn't be good if some dude talked all over the music !
But today some dude talking over the music is exactly what rap is - and not only do people think it's really good , but rappers DELIGHT in it !
. . . Did you see what I did there , Dromiceiomimus ?
Rapper's Delight ?
It's a song
Anyway , " goodness " is an unstable , inconsistent and unreliable measure .
So ?
So , why are we SO CONCERNED if something is good or not ? It's relative ! It's an OPINION . We should judge things by something we can objectively measure : POPULARITY .
Oh god
YES . From now on , I don't care if something is good . I just care if it's popular !
In other news !
Did you know that I have LITERALLY DOZENS of friends on Facebook ?
What we think is good is relative ! It changes between individuals , cultures AND over time . Some people think grapes are great , some people hate them with an intensity that scares even the Devil .
I FEAR NAUGHT BUT SAVE FILE CORRUPTION
500 years ago a song wouldn't be good if some dude talked all over the music !
But today some dude talking over the music is exactly what rap is - and not only do people think it's really good , but rappers DELIGHT in it !
. . . Did you see what I did there , Dromiceiomimus ?
Rapper's Delight ?
It's a song
Anyway , " goodness " is an unstable , inconsistent and unreliable measure .
So ?
So , why are we SO CONCERNED if something is good or not ? It's relative ! It's an OPINION . We should judge things by something we can objectively measure : POPULARITY .
Oh god
YES . From now on , I don't care if something is good . I just care if it's popular !
In other news !
Did you know that I have LITERALLY DOZENS of friends on Facebook ?
GREETINGS T - REX I CAN'T HELP BUT NOTICE THE TRULY EPIC SNUB YOU TREATED ME TO YESTERDAY
How epic was it ?
T - REX
IT WAS THE SHADOW OF THE COLOSSUS OF SNUBS
OR RATHER IT WAS ANALOGOUS TO HOW EPIC I UNDERSTAND THAT GAME TO BE AS I HAVEN'T PLAYED IT MY PERSONAL GAMING HARDWARE BEING UNFORTUNATELY SEVERAL GENERATIONS BEHIND
HOWEVER IT HAS RECEIVED NEAR UNIVERSAL PRAISE IN THE GAMING PRESS
Isn't that game old ?
UM EXCUSE ME T - REX BUT GAMES DON'T GET OLD
THEY GET CLASSIC
WOULD YOU DESCRIBE SUPER MARIO 64 AS OLD
I - sometimes ?
Sometimes what ?
NO YOU WOULD NOT YOU'D DESCRIBE IT AS AN AMAZING TRANSITION TO 3D OF CLASSIC PLATFORMING MECHANICS THAT DEFINED AND INSPIRED AN ENTIRE GENERATION
I -
You what , T - Rex ?
AND YOU WOULD BE CORRECT
LATER :
AW FRIG
What now ? !
MY SAVE FILES HAVE BECOME CORRUPTED T - REX
THIS
MY FRIEND
IS MY NEW NIGHTMARE
GREETINGS T - REX I CAN'T HELP BUT NOTICE THE TRULY EPIC SNUB YOU TREATED ME TO YESTERDAY
How epic was it ?
T - REX
IT WAS THE SHADOW OF THE COLOSSUS OF SNUBS
OR RATHER IT WAS ANALOGOUS TO HOW EPIC I UNDERSTAND THAT GAME TO BE AS I HAVEN'T PLAYED IT MY PERSONAL GAMING HARDWARE BEING UNFORTUNATELY SEVERAL GENERATIONS BEHIND
HOWEVER IT HAS RECEIVED NEAR UNIVERSAL PRAISE IN THE GAMING PRESS
Isn't that game old ?
UM EXCUSE ME T - REX BUT GAMES DON'T GET OLD
THEY GET CLASSIC
WOULD YOU DESCRIBE SUPER MARIO 64 AS OLD
I - sometimes ?
Sometimes what ?
NO YOU WOULD NOT YOU'D DESCRIBE IT AS AN AMAZING TRANSITION TO 3D OF CLASSIC PLATFORMING MECHANICS THAT DEFINED AND INSPIRED AN ENTIRE GENERATION
I -
You what , T - Rex ?
AND YOU WOULD BE CORRECT
LATER :
AW FRIG
What now ? !
MY SAVE FILES HAVE BECOME CORRUPTED T - REX
THIS
MY FRIEND
IS MY NEW NIGHTMARE
T - REX DID YOU KNOW THAT ANYONE CAN SEND OUT A PRESS RELEASE
I JUST SENT ONE OUT ALERTING THE PUBLIC THAT I AM HUNGRY
GOD HUNGRY IT SAYS
I did not !
IT COST ME FIFTY DOLLARS
LATER :
Hi Dromiceiomimus ! Did you . . . READ THE PAPER TODAY ?
Nope , on account of how I'm not 65 !
Okay , TRUE , but did you read online news today ?
Yep . Nothing much to report !
ALRIGHT , I WILL STOP BEING COY . I TOTALLY PUT OUT A PRESS RELEASE . LET'S ALL GET EXCITED NOW , OKAY ?
That doesn't mean papers picked it up though !
WHAT .
Yeah , press releases are just you saying stuff ; papers will only run with interesting ones . If they haven't any real news to go with already , I mean .
Utahraptor , I say this without exaggeration : this has been the most disappointing day I've had all week .
I say this WITH exaggeration : this has been THE MOST DISAPPOINTING DAY IT IS POSSIBLE TO HAVE , in this or any other universe , real or imagined ; across all timelines , this day - - my day - - is the objective , subjective , figurative and literal worst .
Plus I'm out fifty bucks ! !
T - REX DID YOU KNOW THAT ANYONE CAN SEND OUT A PRESS RELEASE
I JUST SENT ONE OUT ALERTING THE PUBLIC THAT I AM HUNGRY
GOD HUNGRY IT SAYS
I did not !
IT COST ME FIFTY DOLLARS
LATER :
Hi Dromiceiomimus ! Did you . . . READ THE PAPER TODAY ?
Nope , on account of how I'm not 65 !
Okay , TRUE , but did you read online news today ?
Yep . Nothing much to report !
ALRIGHT , I WILL STOP BEING COY . I TOTALLY PUT OUT A PRESS RELEASE . LET'S ALL GET EXCITED NOW , OKAY ?
That doesn't mean papers picked it up though !
WHAT .
Yeah , press releases are just you saying stuff ; papers will only run with interesting ones . If they haven't any real news to go with already , I mean .
Utahraptor , I say this without exaggeration : this has been the most disappointing day I've had all week .
I say this WITH exaggeration : this has been THE MOST DISAPPOINTING DAY IT IS POSSIBLE TO HAVE , in this or any other universe , real or imagined ; across all timelines , this day - - my day - - is the objective , subjective , figurative and literal worst .
Plus I'm out fifty bucks ! !
Dromiceiomimus and I are going on a road trip !
ROAD TRIP , WOO ! !
Nobody tell Utahraptor , okay ? ?
T - Rex , if our road trip is a secret - and if it is it's news to me - then why are you announcing it ? You're walking around in a sandwich board that says " I've got a SECRET , you guys ! " , and on the back it says " SERIOUSLY ! ! Hold on , I'll tell you about it . "
. . . Metaphorically ?
It's - it's so close to being literally , T - Rex .
SUDDENLY !
Hey , what were you guys talking about ?
Certainly not SECRETS , Utahraptor !
Certainly not secrets that I'm keeping from you . Certainly not TERRIBLE , EXPLOSIVE secrets that , once revealed , could threaten the very foundation of our friendship ! ! !
Ah .
* cough *
* DromiceiomimusandIaregoingonaroadtrip *
* cough *
* Holycrap *
* Ididn'tknowIcouldtalklikethis *
* Mybodyisawonderlandyouguys *
Dromiceiomimus and I are going on a road trip !
ROAD TRIP , WOO ! !
Nobody tell Utahraptor , okay ? ?
T - Rex , if our road trip is a secret - and if it is it's news to me - then why are you announcing it ? You're walking around in a sandwich board that says " I've got a SECRET , you guys ! " , and on the back it says " SERIOUSLY ! ! Hold on , I'll tell you about it . "
. . . Metaphorically ?
It's - it's so close to being literally , T - Rex .
SUDDENLY !
Hey , what were you guys talking about ?
Certainly not SECRETS , Utahraptor !
Certainly not secrets that I'm keeping from you . Certainly not TERRIBLE , EXPLOSIVE secrets that , once revealed , could threaten the very foundation of our friendship ! ! !
Ah .
* cough *
* DromiceiomimusandIaregoingonaroadtrip *
* cough *
* Holycrap *
* Ididn'tknowIcouldtalklikethis *
* Mybodyisawonderlandyouguys *
Who would win in a fight : the Enterprise or the Millennium Falcon ? And NO , the correct answer is not " the audience " .
The correct answer is that this scenario is ludicrous and impossible !
Star Trek and Star Wars are two different universes , literally : physics works differently in each of them ! The Falcon flies like it's in atmosphere , DESPITE THE FACT IT'S CLEARLY IN SPACE . In contrast , Trek ships generally meet each other on a fixed axis , like they're in water !
CLEARLY this is symptomatic of larger differences in basic universal physics .
Put the Millennium Falcon near Federation Headquarters . . .
. . . and it'll win the fight !
Nope ! Its " hyperdrive " will catastrophically fail , exploding due to mismatched physics errors . I guarantee it ! These ships don't work outside of the universe they're designed for .
Wow , you've out - geeked an already super - geeky debate . Nice !
Thanks !
Now that that's out of the way , we can consider the real question , which is who would win in a fight : Data or Han Solo ?
PERSONALLY , I think they'd be pals .
Oh my god !
I know , right ? ?
Who would win in a fight : the Enterprise or the Millennium Falcon ? And NO , the correct answer is not " the audience " .
The correct answer is that this scenario is ludicrous and impossible !
Star Trek and Star Wars are two different universes , literally : physics works differently in each of them ! The Falcon flies like it's in atmosphere , DESPITE THE FACT IT'S CLEARLY IN SPACE . In contrast , Trek ships generally meet each other on a fixed axis , like they're in water !
CLEARLY this is symptomatic of larger differences in basic universal physics .
Put the Millennium Falcon near Federation Headquarters . . .
. . . and it'll win the fight !
Nope ! Its " hyperdrive " will catastrophically fail , exploding due to mismatched physics errors . I guarantee it ! These ships don't work outside of the universe they're designed for .
Wow , you've out - geeked an already super - geeky debate . Nice !
Thanks !
Now that that's out of the way , we can consider the real question , which is who would win in a fight : Data or Han Solo ?
PERSONALLY , I think they'd be pals .
Oh my god !
I know , right ? ?
My game begins , and you are a tiny plumber !
Then you eat a mushroom , and you become a bigger plumber !
Then you eat a flower , and you gain the ability to shoot fire out of your hands !
This sounds a lot like Super Mario Brothers , T - Rex !
No , wait , because here's where it gets different : you've gained the ability to shoot fire out of your hands , but you HAVEN'T gained the ability to avoid suffering serious burns when you shoot out of your hands , so you suffer serious burns . On your hands . Then you press " A " to go to the burn ward .
And if I refuse ?
To press A ? Then your hands are really messed up , dude ! !
MAN . It's gross . The rest of the game is a 3d model of your burned up hands . Most of the game's budget goes toward this one scene . " Never have burned hands been so terribly realistic , " the reviews will say , " . . . so that is certainly something . "
There are times when I'm glad you lack the skill to make games take place , T - Rex .
But there are also times when you see that as the terrible tragedy of our times , right ? Times when you'd wish nothing more than to build my game , so you could control the gross burnt - up fire hands of which I've dared to dream ? ?
Because if so , this friendship could be PAYING OFF
My game begins , and you are a tiny plumber !
Then you eat a mushroom , and you become a bigger plumber !
Then you eat a flower , and you gain the ability to shoot fire out of your hands !
This sounds a lot like Super Mario Brothers , T - Rex !
No , wait , because here's where it gets different : you've gained the ability to shoot fire out of your hands , but you HAVEN'T gained the ability to avoid suffering serious burns when you shoot out of your hands , so you suffer serious burns . On your hands . Then you press " A " to go to the burn ward .
And if I refuse ?
To press A ? Then your hands are really messed up , dude ! !
MAN . It's gross . The rest of the game is a 3d model of your burned up hands . Most of the game's budget goes toward this one scene . " Never have burned hands been so terribly realistic , " the reviews will say , " . . . so that is certainly something . "
There are times when I'm glad you lack the skill to make games take place , T - Rex .
But there are also times when you see that as the terrible tragedy of our times , right ? Times when you'd wish nothing more than to build my game , so you could control the gross burnt - up fire hands of which I've dared to dream ? ?
Because if so , this friendship could be PAYING OFF
If the Titanic had hit the iceberg head - on , damage would have been limited to the comparatively strong bow of the ship , and only a few compartments would have been flooded . Some would've been hurt and maybe even killed -
- but the ship would not have sunk !
Alternatively , Titanic's rudder was mounted behind her middle propeller , which was on a turbine not designed to work in reverse . When the iceberg was spotted and the first officer ordered both the hard - to - port turn and full reverse , this middle propeller simply stopped , greatly hampering the effectiveness of the rudder . Ordering the turn at speed would likely have saved the ship .
An excellent point , Dromiceiomimus !
The ship could also have been saved with a bomb threat , delaying its maiden voyage !
Yep !
If I'd been there I could've altered orders , I could've modified the ship's route , I could've done one of a hundred thousand things to save the ship and all 1517 aboard her who perished .
. . . Except you weren't there and were born decades after this all took place .
TRUE .
LATER :
Attention , self ! I don't know why you still feel bad about not preventing the Titanic disaster ; you are basically as blameless as it is possible for a dude to be .
Don't stop though
My new story is a horror story ! SO PREPARE TO EMBRACE TERROR . PREPARE TO EMBRACE TERROR AS HARD AS YOU CAN . PREPARE TO CRY TEARS OF PURE FREEBASED AFRAIDNESS ON TERROR'S SHOULDER .
TERROR COMFORTS YOU YOU AS THE TEARS FLOW .
YOU PULL BACK FROM TERROR AND STARE INTO ITS EYES , AS TERROR LOOKS DEEPLY INTO YOURS . YOUR TEARS STOP , REPLACED BY SOMETHING ELSE . IS IT - DESIRE ? COULD TERROR POSSIBLY FEEL THE SAME THING ? YOU LIPS TOUCH , TENTATIVELY . YOU -
You were writing a horror story ?
Hold on Dromeceiomimus , something's happening here . Where was I ? Oh yeah :
YOU MAKE OUT WITH TERROR .
YOU'RE MAKING OUT WITH TERROR PRETTY HARD NOW .
TERROR BEGINS TO PULL OFF YOUR CLOTHES .
" BUT WAIT , " YOU SAY , " WHAT IF SOMEONE SHOULD COME ACROSS US IN THIS IDYLLIC GLEN ? " TERROR REPLIES LUSTILY , " LET THEM ; I WANT YOU NOW AND I DON'T CARE . "
YOU ARE IMPRESSED BY THE SEMICOLON USE AND , THEREFORE , CONSENT TO SEXUAL CONGRESS .
AWESOME .
LATER ON TERROR AND YOU SNUGGLE AND YOU SAY " THAT WAS EXCELLENT . I'M SO GLAD I EMBRACED YOU EARLIER . " AND TERROR SIGHS AND SAYS " ME TOO " .
Later on , murders !
My new story is a horror story ! SO PREPARE TO EMBRACE TERROR . PREPARE TO EMBRACE TERROR AS HARD AS YOU CAN . PREPARE TO CRY TEARS OF PURE FREEBASED AFRAIDNESS ON TERROR'S SHOULDER .
TERROR COMFORTS YOU YOU AS THE TEARS FLOW .
YOU PULL BACK FROM TERROR AND STARE INTO ITS EYES , AS TERROR LOOKS DEEPLY INTO YOURS . YOUR TEARS STOP , REPLACED BY SOMETHING ELSE . IS IT - DESIRE ? COULD TERROR POSSIBLY FEEL THE SAME THING ? YOU LIPS TOUCH , TENTATIVELY . YOU -
You were writing a horror story ?
Hold on Dromeceiomimus , something's happening here . Where was I ? Oh yeah :
YOU MAKE OUT WITH TERROR .
YOU'RE MAKING OUT WITH TERROR PRETTY HARD NOW .
TERROR BEGINS TO PULL OFF YOUR CLOTHES .
" BUT WAIT , " YOU SAY , " WHAT IF SOMEONE SHOULD COME ACROSS US IN THIS IDYLLIC GLEN ? " TERROR REPLIES LUSTILY , " LET THEM ; I WANT YOU NOW AND I DON'T CARE . "
YOU ARE IMPRESSED BY THE SEMICOLON USE AND , THEREFORE , CONSENT TO SEXUAL CONGRESS .
AWESOME .
LATER ON TERROR AND YOU SNUGGLE AND YOU SAY " THAT WAS EXCELLENT . I'M SO GLAD I EMBRACED YOU EARLIER . " AND TERROR SIGHS AND SAYS " ME TOO " .
Later on , murders !
Britannic was Titanic's sister ship ! After Titanic sank , they upgraded her to make her MORE SINKPROOF . But before she could begin transatlantic service , the Great War broke out and she was converted into a GIANT FLOATING HOSPITAL .
And it was as a hospital ship that she struck a mine and sank !
That's true , T - Rex , but she sank for very different reasons than the Titanic . Despite the huge hole in her side , she could've remained afloat and motionless , if it weren't for the fact that nurses had opened portholes on the lower decks to get a breeze ! Water flooded in as soon as the ship listed . As much as the Titanic is a symbol for hubris , the Britannic is a symbol of how SHIT GOES FOUL sometimes no matter how well you plan .
INTERESTING .
The ship sank only a few miles from shore , didn't she ?
Yep !
The captain actually gave the order to gun the engines and beach the ship on the shore , but some lifeboats were launched against orders , two of which ended up DRIFTING INTO THE PROPELLERS , with pretty much the results you'd expect .
Holy smokes .
Yeah .
THE MORAL OF THE STORY :
Shit certainly DOES go foul sometimes , you guys
Britannic was Titanic's sister ship ! After Titanic sank , they upgraded her to make her MORE SINKPROOF . But before she could begin transatlantic service , the Great War broke out and she was converted into a GIANT FLOATING HOSPITAL .
And it was as a hospital ship that she struck a mine and sank !
That's true , T - Rex , but she sank for very different reasons than the Titanic . Despite the huge hole in her side , she could've remained afloat and motionless , if it weren't for the fact that nurses had opened portholes on the lower decks to get a breeze ! Water flooded in as soon as the ship listed . As much as the Titanic is a symbol for hubris , the Britannic is a symbol of how SHIT GOES FOUL sometimes no matter how well you plan .
INTERESTING .
The ship sank only a few miles from shore , didn't she ?
Yep !
The captain actually gave the order to gun the engines and beach the ship on the shore , but some lifeboats were launched against orders , two of which ended up DRIFTING INTO THE PROPELLERS , with pretty much the results you'd expect .
Holy smokes .
Yeah .
THE MORAL OF THE STORY :
Shit certainly DOES go foul sometimes , you guys
Okay , it's time for a TRUE horror story , for reals this time . Prepare yourself to be SO TERRIFIED that your mind breaks ; prepare to be reduced to GIBBERING MADNESS !
Prepare to lose your job for gibbering madness all the time !
Prepare to rely on our social safety net and go on welfare . PREPARE FOR YOUR ENTIRE LIFE TO CHANGE as soon as you read my chilling words of blinding insanity and congealed terror , safely printed on non - toxic paper that you read while holding the book at a reasonable distance .
Okay ! I've prepared for all those things , T - Rex .
Yeah , let's hear your story ! We're all hella prepared for terror and madness .
Okay , but I warned you !
Ahem . One day a murderer went crazy and sliced people in half until they DIED . He killed everyone in town and then he turned to the camera and said he'd kill you , the reader ! !
THE END ! !
Are you looking for feedback ?
ARE YOU LOOKING FOR MORE HORROR ?
Not really I guess
Okay , it's time for a TRUE horror story , for reals this time . Prepare yourself to be SO TERRIFIED that your mind breaks ; prepare to be reduced to GIBBERING MADNESS !
Prepare to lose your job for gibbering madness all the time !
Prepare to rely on our social safety net and go on welfare . PREPARE FOR YOUR ENTIRE LIFE TO CHANGE as soon as you read my chilling words of blinding insanity and congealed terror , safely printed on non - toxic paper that you read while holding the book at a reasonable distance .
Okay ! I've prepared for all those things , T - Rex .
Yeah , let's hear your story ! We're all hella prepared for terror and madness .
Okay , but I warned you !
Ahem . One day a murderer went crazy and sliced people in half until they DIED . He killed everyone in town and then he turned to the camera and said he'd kill you , the reader ! !
THE END ! !
Are you looking for feedback ?
ARE YOU LOOKING FOR MORE HORROR ?
Not really I guess
Okay , it's time for a TRUE horror story , for reals this time . Prepare yourself to be SO TERRIFIED that your mind breaks ; prepare to be reduced to GIBBERING MADNESS !
Prepare to lose your job for gibbering madness all the time !
Prepare to rely on our social safety net and go on welfare . PREPARE FOR YOUR ENTIRE LIFE TO CHANGE as soon as you read my chilling words of blinding insanity and congealed terror , safely printed on non - toxic paper that you read while holding the book at a reasonable distance .
Okay ! I've prepared for all those things , T - Rex .
Yeah , let's hear your story ! We're all hella prepared for terror and madness .
Okay , but I warned you !
Ahem . One day a murderer went crazy and sliced people in half until they DIED . He killed everyone in town and then he turned to the camera and said he'd kill you , the reader ! !
THE END ! !
Are you looking for feedback ?
ARE YOU LOOKING FOR MORE HORROR ?
Not really I guess
When I die I would like my ashes scattered at the north pole .
Oh snap ! CAN'T NOT DO IT NOW , cats and kittens !
I thought we covered this before , T - Rex ? Your will isn't necessarily legally binding .
Man , this isn't my will ! These are my FINAL WISHES . Dudes GOT to act in accordance with my final wishes ! They're the last things I ever did wish , and that makes them LEGALLY BINDING to the max . To the TOTALLY ULTIMATE EXTREME MAX , Dromiceiomimus , and I'm NOT a man to say " totally ultimate extreme max " lightly .
But on second thought , screw the north pole !
That does seem more practical !
Indeed ! Now I'd like for my ashes to be hurled backwards through TIME ITSELF , to be mixed into the primordial ooze from which we all came . YES . My final wish is for all life to have developed either in or about my earthly remains .
Hah ! Is that the first time that sentence has ever been said ?
Utahraptor , please !
That sentence is BASICALLY my daily affirmation
When I die I would like my ashes scattered at the north pole .
Oh snap ! CAN'T NOT DO IT NOW , cats and kittens !
I thought we covered this before , T - Rex ? Your will isn't necessarily legally binding .
Man , this isn't my will ! These are my FINAL WISHES . Dudes GOT to act in accordance with my final wishes ! They're the last things I ever did wish , and that makes them LEGALLY BINDING to the max . To the TOTALLY ULTIMATE EXTREME MAX , Dromiceiomimus , and I'm NOT a man to say " totally ultimate extreme max " lightly .
But on second thought , screw the north pole !
That does seem more practical !
Indeed ! Now I'd like for my ashes to be hurled backwards through TIME ITSELF , to be mixed into the primordial ooze from which we all came . YES . My final wish is for all life to have developed either in or about my earthly remains .
Hah ! Is that the first time that sentence has ever been said ?
Utahraptor , please !
That sentence is BASICALLY my daily affirmation
On their wedding day , my dad got cold feet , almost standing my mother up until someone talked some sense into him and he went back to the church and got married ! He never told me who that person was , and today I realized the reason why :
You guys ! It was probably ME !
It all makes sense , Dromiceiomimus ! My own existence is threatened , so I go back in time to the day my parents get married to ensure my own creation . I'M RESPONSIBLE FOR CREATING MYSELF . My parents get some credit too I GUESS , but seriously : how perfect is that ? ?
Um . . . pretty perfect ?
I'm totally looking forward to my time travel adventures , Dromiceiomimus !
Who was it really who talked him into it : a friend ? His father ?
Utahraptor , please !
Which would you prefer : to have a best friend who , thanks to a stable time loop , has LITERALLY CAJOLED HIMSELF INTO EXISTENCE , or - -
- - or a best friend who can tell interesting stories without making them science fiction author insertion epics ?
Amazing !
You've somehow managed to say that like it's a bad thing !
On their wedding day , my dad got cold feet , almost standing my mother up until someone talked some sense into him and he went back to the church and got married ! He never told me who that person was , and today I realized the reason why :
You guys ! It was probably ME !
It all makes sense , Dromiceiomimus ! My own existence is threatened , so I go back in time to the day my parents get married to ensure my own creation . I'M RESPONSIBLE FOR CREATING MYSELF . My parents get some credit too I GUESS , but seriously : how perfect is that ? ?
Um . . . pretty perfect ?
I'm totally looking forward to my time travel adventures , Dromiceiomimus !
Who was it really who talked him into it : a friend ? His father ?
Utahraptor , please !
Which would you prefer : to have a best friend who , thanks to a stable time loop , has LITERALLY CAJOLED HIMSELF INTO EXISTENCE , or - -
- - or a best friend who can tell interesting stories without making them science fiction author insertion epics ?
Amazing !
You've somehow managed to say that like it's a bad thing !
How do I feel about matrimony ?
I love weddings ! It's someone else's party and I can cry if I want to !
I'M INTO THEM
THEY WERE MY IDEA
But what about civil unions ? And gay marriage ?
I think as far as God's concerned , he's just pleased that people eventually stop making out in public all the time .
God's a big fan of decorum . That was his idea too , T - Rex .
Weddings are full of ladies on the look out for a single blade . Ladies who have found the wine .
Utahraptor you are INCORRIGIBLE .
Weddings aren't just about tired cliches ! They're always changing ! They used to be for family , now they're more for your friends .
Change ! Like having cup - cakes instead of wedding cake ?
Is that a fad ?
Yes .
The most delicious fad of all time .
How do I feel about matrimony ?
I love weddings ! It's someone else's party and I can cry if I want to !
I'M INTO THEM
THEY WERE MY IDEA
But what about civil unions ? And gay marriage ?
I think as far as God's concerned , he's just pleased that people eventually stop making out in public all the time .
God's a big fan of decorum . That was his idea too , T - Rex .
Weddings are full of ladies on the look out for a single blade . Ladies who have found the wine .
Utahraptor you are INCORRIGIBLE .
Weddings aren't just about tired cliches ! They're always changing ! They used to be for family , now they're more for your friends .
Change ! Like having cup - cakes instead of wedding cake ?
Is that a fad ?
Yes .
The most delicious fad of all time .
MR . TUSKS HAS BEEN MADE MAYOR OF TINY TOWNE !
As Vice Mayor , it is my privilege to assume office when the mayer is out of towne on municipal business !
As she is TODAY
I am a LITTLE excited !
LONG - HELD POLITICAL ASPERATIONS COMICS
Everything is ready for Mayor Tusks !
Capital ! Capital !
Now listen up , Comptroller Whiskers ! With my first taste of mayoral power I intend to enact many sweeping reforms . I trust you will support my radical agenda ?
The Mr . Tusks Administration will be known for its fairness but also its brutality .
Our population consisting exclusively of pygmy wild animals is in danger of becoming unsustainable . Therefore I must impose a tax based inversely on weight . The heavier an animal , the less the tax .
Since I , an elephant , am the heaviest on the island , I will be the standard of measurement at zero tax .
Order the lions to begin rounding up all lightweight citizens . I want the tax to be confiscated directly from their bank accounts so they can't weasel out of their obligations .
WHAT IS SO INTERESTING OVER THERE
Col . Tusks ( Ret . ) !
What in tarnation is happening here ? Get out ! I have a lot of work to do today !
Mr . Tusks , in the absence of the mayor , the DEPUTY MAYOR is next in line . The Vice Mayor comes after THAT .
I did not know that .
W - will you be leaving towne any time soon ?
No .
oh gee gosh mr . tusks you must have felt super duper embarrassed i mean with all the confusion over the mayorship and what - all i mean i would just have no idea what to do or say in that incredibly politically awkward situation
Morris , you are . . .
You are much more disgusting up close
Beartato ! Help ! !
I accidentally drank a love potion !
I think it's starting to affect . . .
. . . me . . .
Hm ?
Affect you how ?
Oh Jennipoos you are so lovely
Let's get married
" Jennipoos " ?
A lovely name for a lovely person !
Well we've only emailed up until now , but he seems really nice . I'm just heading out to meet him for dinner now .
Holy crap !
She said she's going to be wearing a pink sweater . I'm supposed to meet her at the restaurant at 8 : 00 !
Where are you taking her ?
The olive garden !
When you're there , you're family !
The time for talking is OVER , T - Rex !
Agreed !
Now is the time for ACTION !
GRAAH !
KYAAH !
PAY BACK THE MONEY YOU OWE ME
WILL YOU MARRY ME
Seriously , I loaned you $ 500 . This is , like , a $ 50 ring . What did you do with the rest -
I DO I DO I DO
YOU GUYS , PUBLIC DISPLAYS OF AFFECTION ARE THE WORST THING . IF I WANTED TO SEE PEOPLE PHYSICALLY EXPRESS THEIR LOVE FOR EACH OTHER I WOULD WATCH LATE - NIGHT MOTEL CABLE .
PDAS ! TOTAL GROSSOUT !
BUT T - REX ! PDAS CAN BE AN ESSENTIAL PART OF A RELATIONSHIP ! PROOF TO THE WORLD THAT YOU LOVE ANOTHER PERSON !
PIPE DOWN , UTAHRAPTOR ! YOU'RE RUINING THE COUPLE'S SPECIAL DAY . ANYWAY , YOU CAN NOW KISS THE BRIDE N' STUFF .
THIS IS MAKING ME BARF .
All I really want is someone to hold me and tell me I'm beautiful . But it's so hard for me to meet new people !
Why must I be so alone ?
Is there ANYONE on this Earth who can love me ?
Actually , I . . . I've always wanted to tell you I - -
ANYONE ? ! ?
I love you , T - rex !
Platonic love is not the same thing , Utahraptor .
But it's not platonic love ! It's a burning , insatiable passion that I can no longer deny .
Really ?
Let's make out !
Having conquered time and space , Ryan North returns from the void
I must now find love
Summon all females to castle North !
The hopeful endured a battery of tests .
The first was physical
The second was mental .
The third was psychical .
I'm undressing you -
How is that psyc -
With my mind .
Finally , one woman remained . . .
My name is Klug .
We must duel . . . until one of us is dead . . . or both of us . . . are in love !
The battle raged long into the night .
Courtship and kung - fu became indistinguishable .
Until finally . . . their eyes locked . . .
For the first time in his infinite lifespan North felt a twinge of emotion .
You wanna get a coffee sometime or . . .
Sure !
And so . . .
So . . . do you like comics ?
Yeah , they're okay
Insects and animals mate because of instincts ! We mate because of love !
Insects and animals , looks like you just got burned !
When lower life forms mate they do it because they're hard - wired to . We're totally superior because we do it for feelings and emotions !
Not necessarily T - Rex !
WHAT ?
Love and sexual pleasure are just nature's way of getting us to * want * to reproduce !
It's not as though childbirth is a pleasant experience on the surface !
But . . . love !
Do you love tacos ?
of course !
But do you want to reproduce with tacos ?
If it means there'll be more tacos there's a lot I'm willing to do !
What is up with newlyweds stomping on an empty wine glass after the ceremony ? I mean , if you're out of wine . . .
Stomp some GRAPES !
No but seriously though , it has something to do with TRADITION . I think it is connected to the way harborfolk christen ships by smashing bottles of booze against them . In old times the bride and groom would smash wine bottles against each other to christen the marriage . Effin' badass !
Why would you say something like that ? And why now ?
Relax ! I wasn't SUGGESTING that we do it ourselves .
Stop stomping our wine glasses !
Although I'll have you know they make easy - break wine bottles for movies and the damage they do to the body is basically minimal .
Also not a suggestion .
No ! No more breaking shit , ok ?
Alright here is an ACTUAL SUGGESTION then : Would it kill you to just once say " Alright let's do that thing you just said " ?
And I realize the answer is probably 'yes' in the context of bottle combat .
Holy crap !
THAT WAS . T - Rex : THE CRAZIEST . T - Rex : DREAM YOU GUYS .
There were hot dates AND weddings AND makeouts ! And tiny elephants and tiny bugs and long before that some racooncephalopods and I think a talking bottle of vanilla extract was in there somewhere and the craziest thing was , everyone called me " T - Rex " ! Isn't that crazy ?
It is PRETTY CRAZY , Antonio Xavier Kavalier III !
It felt long too , like maybe I'd been dreaming for . . . SEVEN YEARS ? ?
Seven years of dreams ? !
It really felt that long , Doctor Professor Jim Junior !
Then don't go back to sleep ! You could easily have another dream that lasts that long - maybe even longer !
Man , that's crazy and I LOVE HAVING DREAMS . I'm going to have one right now ! !
Besides , we all have stupid names here anyway
Yes indeed , I'm old enough that I get to decide where I want to live !
It's where all my friends pal around .
Aww , that's very sweet T - Rex , but we'd hate to be the reason you don't go out and explore the world .
I'm not !
I - I step on stuff
Man , but now you're an anchor for us !
How so ?
We can't move away , because WE'LL feel bad that you stayed because of us and now , we're leaving !
And I wouldn't be able to follow you because that would make ME seem needy and insecure .
This is a disaster !
Want to never talk about our relationship like this again ?
DONE
T - REX's DRIVING CLASS
That you all for your interest in my driving class . This class will cost you $ 100 but you'll make it up in reduced insurance rates . Also , you won't be a terrible driver .
So , there's that too !
Dromiceiomimus here will be responsible for the basic rules of the road : when to go , when to stop , when to rush into an intersetion because your light's firggin' GREEN even though traffic's moving so slowly that there's no possible way you'll be out of the intersection before you block traffic .
You should never do that , class .
See ? WRITE THAT DOWN .
Utahraptor will be responsible for teaching you waht to do in a merge lane !
Indeed I will !
And the lesson is simple : DON'T just speed down the lane so you can butt in at the front of the line .
If you do pull off that dick move , I am sorry , but I will end you . People will find your body and say " Dear lord ! was he a dick at merging ? Probably , huh ? "
Finally , just as my driving instructor did before me , I'm going to end the course with a pitch for my multi - level marketing herbal weight - loss pill pyramid scheme .
Hark ! The circle of incredibly sketchy driving instructors is complete !
Copper is an excellent metal because it resists corrosion AND oxidation , and the patina it develops protects it against further decay ! It's also excellent because you can build statues out of it . Statues , perhaps , of . . . T - Rex : . . .
. . . ME ?
That's actually not a bad idea , T - Rex ! If you want something to last a long time in the environment , copper's a great material . Put it underwater and it'll last even longer . T - Rex : That's what I'm saying ! A copper statue of me could last MILLIONS of years , even with nobody taking care of it !
Millions of years , Utahraptor ! Utahraptor : That IS plenty of years !
That's enough time for OUR ENTIRE SPECIES to be wiped out , for a new sentient species to evolve , discover my statue , and marvel at this sexy man immortalized in metal . " Hey you guys " , they'll say , " maybe he should be our new god ! " Utahraptor : Unless they evolve different ideas of sexy .
MAN , even if they do , I can STILL see my sculpted copper 'cepts changing more than a few folks over to " statue - sexual " ! Sculpture - philiacs ? Bustarians ? T - Rex : Anyway . T - Rex : I'M SURE they'll think of a word .
Dromiceiomimus , when was the last time we partied ? A month ago ? TWO MONTHS ?
Clearly it is time for all men and ladeis to party . . . EXTREMELY hard ? ?
I'm down with this , T - Rex ! It HAS been a while since our last party .
Excellent ! Well then , come over around 8 pm tonight . It'll be SWEET LARGE , which is slang I just made up that means " a large amount of sweet " , which is still slang actually I think .
Got it !
Can I come to this party too , or is this one of those one - on - one private parties ? T - Rex : What ?
Those parties exist ?
T - Rex , you invited Dromiceiomimus to come party extremely hard and didn't mention anyone else going . I think you just set up a private party . I think you just set up a date .
Wha - T - Rex : Whoahhh
Utahraptor ! I - T - Rex : I have just unlocked " wicked sweet large "
It was the best party ever in time ! !
. . . Well , in my experience , anyway !
Do you think it's possible that troughout ALL TIME there's been or will be a better party , Dromiceiomimus ?
Well , it WAS a good party , but are we including all space as well as all time ? We'd have to have partied harder than anyone , EVER , WHENEVER , troughout the entire universe at any point in any timeline . That's a tall order !
To be fair , though , it WAS a good party .
So if you did have the best party in time , then all other parties are worse from here on out ! THANKS , T - REX .
Dude !
Don't blame me for having the best party , THANK me that you didn't experience it , because now you won't be disappointed with all future parties ! This heavy burden must be borne by me and Dromiceiomimus alone .
Okay .
This may be a bad time to say this but it was a super great party , Utahraptor .
Utahraptor !
Why are you leaving in mid conversation ; many cultures consider that RUDE ?
Three facts are all you need , and you'll be able to bluff your way through every conversation !
But you'll ESPECIALLY be able to bluff your way through Star Trek related conversations !
Okay , fact one : Geordi is an extremely competent but underrated character , fact two : the movies focus too heavily on attacks on Earth and not enough on exploration , and fact three : you can make up your favourite episode and it's been done . Just say " Ah yes , my favourite episode is the one where they " and then pick a premise . Get turned into children ? Chop off a head and sent it back in time ? Hung out with aliens who were actually NOT REALLY ALIENS ? ?
Okay , so how many times on Star Trek have they gone back in time ? T - Rex : Depends on what you mean ! T - Rex : Are we including the movies - movies which , I MIGHT ADD , focus too heavily on attacks on Earth ? Utahraptor : Sure . T - Rex : Well ! I suppose THAT depends on whether or not we're including episodes featuring that competent Geordi fellow .
HOW TO BLUFF YOUR WAY THROUGH EVERY STAR WARS RELATED CONVERSATION T - Rex : Um . . . George Lucas ruined everything ? Unknown : OH MY GOD ! Unknown : I KNOW
Got FRIGGIN' COCKROACHES in your house ? No problem !
They're tropical insects , cats and kittens !
Turn off the heat and wait for winter , and it's curtains for them !
But isn't it likely they'd just move next door where it's still warm , and then move back when it's heated again ?
. . . True . Okay , so you get your neighbours to live in the cold for a few weeks too ! And by " neighbours " I mean " the entire city " .
But there'd still be cockroaches in other cities that could hitch a ride when someone moves !
Right .
Okay , so turn off all civilization for a few months ; all the roaches die of COLD OVERDOSES . Except those in tropical climes , where there's no cold to kill them , and with international travel and shipping providing tons of ways for them to return .
. . .
FINE , I GIVE UP
EARLIER :
Kill all the cockroaches to win an iPhone 4 ? I don't see why not !
You actually win TWO of them .
TWO IPHONES 4 ? ?
God , is it ONLY reporters who get to say " This just in " ?
LISTEN T - REX MOST FOLKS WOULD TAKE ADVANTAGE OF A CHUMMY RELATIONSHIP WITH GOD WITH BETTER QUESTIONS LIKE FOR EXAMPLE I DON'T KNOW
UM
WHERE'D I PUT MY KEYS
Dude !
My keys are right where I left them , in the key containarium 2000 . People seriously pray for knowing where their keys are ?
P -
PROBABLY
ANYWAY OTHER PEOPLE CAN SAY THIS JUST IN SO DON'T SWEAT IT
This just in , Utahraptor !
Yes ?
Um , this just in : I have a new rhetorical device at my disposal !
Sounds . . . good ?
Yes it does . This just in : yes it does INDEED .
Wait a second ! God , earlier , were you implying that you don't listen to PRAYERS ?
T - REX EARLIER WERE YOU IMPLYING THAT WE SHOULD ALL DEFINITELY FORGET I SAID ANYTHING
Um -
Implications are tricky so maybe
HOW TO BLUFF YOUR WAY THROUGH EVERY CONVERSATION ABOUT WHICH PROGRAMMING LANGUAGE IS BEST
Man . Okay . You have probably made some bad decisions lately if you find yourself in one of these conversations .
But it's not too late !
All you need to know about these conversations is that nobody is right and nobody is ever going to change their mind ever ever , okay ? Here's all you need to say : " Ah , yes , that language is good for domain - specific solutions , but it doesn't adequately address the issue of multiple inheritance out of the box . "
Just memorize that - phonetically , if necessary - and you'll be good . Observe !
Ruby on Rails is the best programming language !
Ah , yes !
But that . . . thing you said , with rails ? It's a language for solutions but , um , what addressing issues are there ? Like , inheritance of boxes ?
. . . That's -
That's . . . !
THAT'S . . . ! !
That's not even English ; I'm out of here .
And THAT , cats and kittens , is how you win a conversation about programming languages . Now , I'm free to eat ice - cream sandwiches !
CAN YOU TRULY SAY THE SAME ? ?
T - REX SETTLE A BET
WHAT'S FOR DINNER
Chocolate's for dinner , my friend ! MILK CHOCOLATE . Followed by an ap ? ritif of dark chocolate !
Preceded by an appetizer of caramel - filled chocolate !
Predicated on a first course of peanut - butter filled chocolate , of course , which is followed by a palette cleanser of raspberry filling - filled chocolate : DANG . All this is following a mint chocolate intermezzo . And THEN , an amuse - bouche of candied almond chocolate !
WITH PUFFED RICE IN IT .
And then some white chocolate ?
And then some white chocolate !
And a second course of extra dark chocolate with caramel , with more challenging courses of mint chocolate with raspberry filling and organic chocolate with peanut - butter filling and mint slipstreamed in .
For dessert ?
Choco peanuts and gummy bears , with post dessert choco coffee beans !
Parallel to all this , AS USUAL , is 50 % through 50 % dark chocolate in strict 0 . 5 % increments . So ! Did we win the bet , God ?
LISTEN T - REX
I DESIGNED YOU TO EAT MEAT SO UM
WHAT THE HELL IS GOING ON
From now on , whenever I see someone checking their cell phone , I'll assume they're receiving instructions from the sinister shadow forces that control the world .
SHORTLY :
Holy craps !
It's insane ! I've only been doing this for a hour , but when I'm talking to someone and their phone goes off , and it's like - did they say something wrong ? Did they just reveal something to me they shouldn't have ? Then they put their phone away and make some innocuous excuse " Oh , my friends are going to be late " or something , which only FURTHERS my suspicions !
Or , even worse , they say " Excuse me , I've got to take this " and leave the room !
Exactly !
I've entered a nightmare world from which there's no escape , Utahraptor . Everywhere people are receiving instructions ! Some even use blue - tooth headsets so they can stay in constant contact while ALSO looking like dicks !
You can't realign your perceptions back ?
Um , that would kinda be ignoring the CONSPIRACY ?
LATER , T - REX DOES THE SAME TRICK WITH PEOPLE USING COMPUTERS THAT HE DID WITH PEOPLE USING CELL PHONES :
noooooo
If you have sex with a bunch of people at once , that's an orgy !
And if you do it in a room with no beds , that's a floorgy !
And if it ends up being pretty boring , that's a snoregy . Or a boregy . Worst case : cure , it's an adoregy ! If they're not , it's a choregy . And depending on where you have it , it could be an offshoregy , a grocery storegy or a Vietnam wargy .
If you go for too long , it COULD end up being a snoregy !
Hey , T - Rex ?
How many girlfriends do you have right now ?
Right now ? Well . . . zero .
Huh .
But dude , I'm TOTALLY PREPARED if I get one and she wants us to have casual group sex with multiple partners .
Linguistically speaking , I mean
Remember how the Titanic sank , and one of the issues with that was not enough lifeboats ? After that disaster they tried to prevent THAT from ever happening again !
So they made a law that ships had to carry a full set of lifeboats !
Except this wasn't a great solution on some ships : the SS Eastland in particular was already a pretty top - heavy ship , and the new lifeboats kinda made the problem critical . And on the 24th of July 1915 , when the Eastland was docked and taking on passangers - all Western Electric employees on their way to a company picnic - she rolled over and sank !
What happened ?
A canoe race passed by the ship !
People crowded to one side to see it , and that was it . The boat rolled and sank in 20 feet of water , 20 feet from the wharf . The new lifeboats had made her impossibly top - heavy , unstable , AND unseaworthy !
Wow . That's textbook irony , huh ?
Yep ! The moral of the story is , " sometimes no matter how much we prepare , boats will sink and that is terrible . "
It's -
It's probably not the cheeriest moral I have ever encountered .
HOW TO NETWORK
Haha , okay , man . You're at a party or a conference and you're obsessed with networking . And nobody wants to talk to you and you can't figure out why ?
T - REX THIS IS NOT VERY HELPFUL
FINE , here's how to network !
Find people you don't know and say " Oh , hello there ! I want to talk to you because you are a stranger , and I'm assuming you could be valuable for me ! Hey ! Interesting tidbit about myself : this is ACTUALLY how I build relationships . "
T - Rex why don't you tell us what you really think about networking ?
Um , I'm TRYING
Maybe the worry folks have is that people will respond like you !
Fine !
Here's how to network with ME : build an extremely amazing friendship with me over several months , OR , and even MORE amazing SEXUAL relationship . Tada ! We are now NETWORKED .
Also , we might be having sexy times .
I dunno
THE END
What happens tomorrow is based on what happens today .
Guys !
I can make tomorrow totally awesome !
I just have to be slightly less awesome today !
Awesomeness builds on itself . If I build a robot suit today , that's pretty awesome , but if tomorrow I change it so it can hold a sign that says " HEY GUYS LOOK WHAT I DID INSTEAD OF CHECKING MY EMAIL " , that's even more awesome .
Okay , so be awesome today ! Build that robot suit "
Well , I WOULD , except I TOTALLY DON'T KNOW HOW .
So start learning about robot suits . Baby steps !
Again : totally would if I totally could !
But robot suits are years off ; it's not like I can just download a technical manual .
So work on solving some of the problems that are between us and fully functional robot suits !
That WOULD pay off in intense awesomeness down the road ! Okay . I'll do it ! !
LATER :
Dear mathematicians , engineers , and neuro - silicon biolink dudes ! Um , this stuff is way over my head . THE FUTURE WE ALL WANT IS WAITING FOR YOU TO KNOCK THIS ONE OUT OF THE PARK . Do it before I die , okay ?
That's a deal , okay ?
If I'm ever taken hostage and am forced to do things UNDER DURESS , I'm gonna need a new code phrase ! The old one involving chicken husbandry was way too hard .
Okay . Chicken husbandry ITSELF was way too hard . Anyway .
I still TOTALLY need to let people know I'm acting against my will !
Well , if you're talking to us , you COULD casually mention that , incidentally and by - the - bye , you would very much hate being held hostage at the old abandoned slipper factory .
That's too transparent , Dromiceiomimus .
Man !
ESPECIALLY if that's where I'm being held ! !
So let's decide on a phrase you can use : something you'd never say normally !
And which ALSO sounds casual !
LATER :
Okay , it's settled . " Five essential moisturizing oils " means " call the friggin' cops , please ! "
Got it .
Excellent ! Man ! Life just got interesting for us , Utah - raptor ! !
LATER STILL : T - REX DOESN'T ACTUALLY EVER GET KIDNAPPED
But I did go through life without ever saying " five essential moisturizing oils " !
Kinda have to count that as a win !
Today is the day I write an amazing sequel to somebody else's book . Oh yes . We've all read Orwell's 1984 , but are we ready for . . . T - Rex's 1985 ? !
I really hope we are because oh FRIG , it's heading towards us like an out - of - control train ! !
The year : 1985 . The situation : it's January 1st , 1985 , and it's a year after the events of 1984 . At least , it's a year after the events at the very beginning of 1984 . Big Brother is back , and this time , HE BROUGHT A FRIEND .
T - Rex , when you said " we've all read Orwell's 1984 " you ACTUALLY meant " I personally have never read Orwell's 1984 " , right ?
That may be a fact ; it is impossible to say .
LATER :
FINE , my new book is called 1884 !
A prequel ?
Yep ! It's the OLD WEST , and nothing bad has happened yet , at least nothing that didn't actually happen in 1884 . My book's history , you see . Non - fiction .
Ah .
But it's a prequel since 1984 was set in the real world ! ALL history books a prequels to any non alternate history scifi !
I can't believe I throw out revelations like this and nobody acts like it's amazing . I JUST MADE ALL HISTORY BOOKS SCIENCE FICTION PREQUELS .
If this keeps up I'm just going to invent my OWN Nobel prize , I swear to god
Outside of the card is just the words , " I'M NOT GAY . " , all caps , a nice bold sans - seirf on a stark white background . You open it up , and in smaller type it reads " but I'm gay for you " ! And there's a little hearts ! OH MY GOD !
ADORABLE
We're going to have a full line of cards , Dromiceiomimus ! " I'm not straight / but I'm straight for you " , and there's a little picture of a RULER .
That one should appeal to about one in then people !
IT'S ADORABLE . " I'm not sleepy / but I'll sleep with you . " ? And there's a little picture of a teddybear in a nightcap ? Oh snap ! WE JUST MAXED OUT CUTE .
" I'm not here / but I'm here for you " , with a picture of a telephone ?
Awww ! Long - distance cards !
Utahraptor , we have to get on this . We can become card barons and EVEN BETTER , we can make the CUTEST CARDS EVER for every life situation . " I'm not perfect / but I'm perfect for you " ! " I'm not happy / but I'm happy for you " ?
Those seem creepy and emo respectively ! What's that last one : a breakup card ?
LATER :
" I'm not of age ! / But I'm -
T - REX
STOP RIGHT THERE
I've written terrifying horror stories , but I've never written a terrifying ROMANCE story ! UNTIL NOW . * ahem *
" Antonio Tony and Louisa Q were two people in love ! ROMANTIC love ! "
" It was terrifying to each of them , but for different personal reasons . "
" Despite that , they were about to have some sexy times when suddenly an unknowable sickly shambling horror of shifting alien geometry showed up . It was SO spooky ! Antonio got pretty scared , I gotta say . Later on the shambling horror left and Antonio Tony and Louisa Q got sexy times again . Now it was SO erotic ! "
T - Rex , do you memorize these or just make them up as you go along ?
I am sincerely puzzled
Are you enjoying the EMOTIONAL ROLLERCOASTER wildly veering between lust and horror , Utahraptor ?
No , not especially !
I - I meant in relation to my story .
Oh .
Oh ! !
GEEZ , Utahraptor ! Thanks to your personal confession , this moment just got AWKWARD ! !
" Antonio Tony and Louisa Q agreed never to be awkward again . They turned to the camera and said 'MAYBE YOU CAN BE THE SAME WAY , UTAHRAPTOR ? ? ' "
" 'If he were still here I bet he'd be agreeing with us' they said romantically , but also in horror ! "
The word " cybernetic " isn't JUST about abominable marriages of flesh and machine with glowing red eyes that hate all organic life , or as THEY call them , " organos " .
At its core , it refers to a control system that adjusts itself to feedback !
Let's say I want my room to be at a comfortable , yet classy , 22 degrees celsius . If I design a system that repeatedly checks the temperature of the room and either turns on a heater or an air conditioner as needed , then OH SNAP . I'VE JUST BUILT A CYBERNETIC SYSTEM .
That sounds like the heating system of any modern building .
Exactly ! We're surrounded by cybernetic systems ! !
WE WORK INSIDE THEM .
We live inside them !
So awesome !
And if we view an air - conditioned room not as an empty space but as one half of a cyborg , then when I enter it , MY BODY is the other half . We join , marrying machine and flesh , working together to ensure my optimal comfort !
And when you leave , you disconnect from the machinery and become a regular dude !
YES . I'm basically amazing , Utahraptor . I'm a cyborg at the mall , at the office , AND IN THE COMFORTABLE , YET CLASSY , 22 DEGREES CELSIUS BEDROOM .
Bottom line !
I should be getting WAY MORE DATES .
The word " cybernetic " isn't JUST about abominable marriages of flesh and machine with glowing red eyes that hate all organic life , or as THEY call them , " organos " .
At its core , it refers to a control system that adjusts itself to feedback !
Let's say I want my room to be at a comfortable , yet classy , 22 degrees Celsius . If I design a system that repeatedly checks the temperature of the room and either turns on a heater or an air conditioner as needed , then OH SNAP . I'VE JUST BUILT A CYBERNETIC SYSTEM !
That sounds like the heating system of any modern building .
Exactly ! We're surrounded by Cybernetic systems ! !
WE WORK INSIDE THEM .
We live inside them !
So awe - some !
And if we view an air - conditioned room as an empty space but as one half of a cyborg , then when I enter it , MY BODY is the other half . We join , marrying the machine and flesh , working together to ensure my optimal comfort !
And when you leave , you disconnect from the cyber - netic machinery and become a regular dude !
YES . I'm basically amazing , Utahraptor . I'm a cyborg at the mall , at the office , and IN THE COMFORTABLE , YET CLASSY , 22 DEGREES CELSIUS BEDROOM !
Bottom line !
I should be getting WAY MORE DATES
There's a webcomic I enjoy , but one thing bothers me !
It lacks continuity !
The characters are all dinosaurs , but they talk about bat - man and make - outs ! But sometimes they admit they're dinosaurs !
Not everything has to have continuity , Mammuthus Primigenius .
Of course it does ! Without it , you can't have fanfic !
And it doesn't bother you that these dinosaurs can talk ?
Of course not !
It's clearly implied that it takes place in an alternate universe where dinosaurs can talk !
So just assume it takes place in a world where Batman , make - outs , and talking dinosaurs co - exist .
I . . .
I call it " Earth - Perfect . "
T - Rex ?
T - Rex , where are you ?
If you're pretending to be kidnapped again to get attention it's not working !
Not workiiiing
< < thought > > It's working !
Wowza bowza ! I got , like , half a vomit stuck in my throat .
HALF A VOMIT COMICS
cough
hack
It's no good . Everything tastes bad and the rest could fly out any dang minute ! !
Well please turn away from me if it does !
thank you
You're right . I'll just face this way to prevent any unwanted spew contact .
Ha ha no thank yooou !
Hey Trex , check out my used band - aid
Oh gosh , why would you show me that right now , Utahraptor ! ! Oh gosh oh nnoooaghblfg
Woah
If you vomit on your friend , then you know it's time to call it a day !
Oh man . You guys want to know what is seriously the WORST thing ever ?
I mean , come on , people ! Get with the program ! Am I right ?
And people who pronounce wash as " WARSH " ?
There's no " R " in wash !
There is clearly a program here that people simply aren't getting with .
T - REx , these are regional dialects . Aren't both pronunciations of coupon listed in the dictionary ? Doesn't that make them equally valid ?
OH NO !
Oh , come on , Utahraptor get with it . The program , that is .
Well , alright then . I admint that I do find it a little weird when you pronounce " aunt " the same as " ant "
WHAAAT ? How is that weird ? When I do that it is so charming you don't even KNOW ! You've been extra cocky ever since you got those sunglasses .
I admit it : a few days ago , I was tripping substantial balls over the fact that light takes time to reach me from across the room . But I'm better now ! I am NO LONGER tripping balls , substantial OR otherwise .
Because I've realized : it takes time for my eyes to react to light , too !
And it takes time for the electrical impulses of THAT reaction to travel to my brain , and it takes more time for my brain to react to THOSE . Basically , the idea of an externally consistent personal " now " is ridiculous and impossible , and I was a fool to try !
Especially since sound takes time to travel too !
Exactly ! I'm now TOTALLY COOL with that .
It's not just sound and light : gravity has a travel time too !
W -
What ?
Nothing travels faster than light , right ? What little gravitational attraction there is between us is time - delayed too .
Okay , but wr're just talking a few nanoseconds ! I'm not going to trip b -
The sun's over 8 light minutes away , T - Rex .
I hate to be the one to tell you this , but - the Earth doesn't go around the sun . The Earth goes around wherever the sun was 8 minutes ago .
UTAHRAPTOR
I'M
TRIPPING BALLS I JUST FOUND OUT I HAD
Oh boy , am I ever glad I read the news today ! I certainly am happy with all the terrible things happening in the world today . Attention , everyone within the sound of my voice ! I was attempting :
SARCASM
So what bad news did you read , T - Rex ? Oil spills ? Environmental collapse ? Global warming ? Ast -
Oh man ! Oh crap ! ! Oh crap crap crap ! I forgot about global warming AGAIN
Man ! Are you going to tell us what you read in the news or not ?
Oh , just about octopods !
Just how they're massing in gangs a thousand strong in the Pacific , eating anything in their path , PULLING FISHERMAN OFF THEIR BOATS . Just that sort of thing ! !
Really ? That's so sinister .
THAT'S WHAT I'VE BEEN SAYING FOR YEARS !
LATER , AT HOME :
TELL OUR PACIFIC ASSOCIATES WE SAY " HELLO " , T - REX .
I - okay ? Listen , how did you get into my k -
AND ALSO THAT WE SAY " MESSAGE RECEIVED , PLAN OMEGA BLACK PHASE TWO COMMIT " " GO GO GO "
Raccoons wash their food before they eat it , using their baleful , probing , nimble hands . We used to think they did this because they enjoyed being super adorable !
Hah , whoops ! MY MISTAKE !
I didn't mean to say " adorable " ; I meant to say " insanely creepy , washing their food while maintaining unbroken eye contact with you , licking their lips slowly over and over again , thinking only one phrase : 'I EAT DEATH' " .
Anyway .
Then we thought they did it because they didn't have enough saliva and therefore liked their food pre - moistened !
But now we think it's because they have sensitive hands !
Sensitive hands ?
Yeah . Raccoons have these sensitive hands , and they're checking out what they're about to eat , and water helps make them more sensitive .
Neat !
But the POINT is that if you give a raccoon a sugar cube , it'll wash it , and then the sugar will dissolve ! HILARIOUS !
It is the only way I have left to revenge myself on them , and I don't think they're going to tolerate it for much longer . AND YET , I'M NOT STOPPING !
. . . Tell them my story , Utahraptor
So in an effort to trip countably fewer balls , I have been researching how my brain works .
Turns out , my brain is totally awesome !
AND NOBODY IS SURPRISED .
But check it out , Dromiceiomimus : we hear sound mechanically ( sound waves hitting a membrane ) which , IT TURNS OUT , only takes a couple of milliseconds to be understood by the brain ! But our retinas react to light through a longer chemical process AND their information is more complicated to process , so it can take upwards of 50 milliseconds before the brain has it in a usable form .
Neat !
Super neat !
So we understand sound before we understand images , assuming they reach our senses at the same time !
Yep !
But they don't , obviously , and our brains are making SECRET ADJUSTMENTS to our VERY PERCEPTION OF REALITY to give us the illusion that sound and light match up most of the time !
Now I'M the one tripping balls !
Dude ! I totes tripped over all those balls earlier ! ! But the trippiest part with the most balls ?
When something's about 10 meters away all the speeds match up perfectly , and it's the only time your brain gets a break from constantly LYING TO YOU ABOUT THE NATURE OF THE UNIVERSE ! !
Sorry for shouting there , Utahraptor ! I uh -
I tripped a few stray balls
It's time for another one of my TRULY EXCELLENT PARTIES . And you're invited Utahraptor ! Don't worry , I'll say it for you : " I'm totally coming , T - Rex ! This sounds awesome ! "
" You're so amazing sometimes ! ALL THE TIMES , actually ! "
Um - thanks for the invitation , dude . But you totally just called me " Utahraptor . "
What ?
I DIDN'T .
Totally did ! You said " And you're invited , Utahraptor ! "
There's no way !
Hah ! Confusing your best male friend with your best female friend and FORMER LOVER ? ?
I'M NOT .
Look , MAYBE I said the wrong name . You're both my friends : is it so WRONG that I'd mix up your names ?
Dromiceiomimus thinks so . She's the tan one over there . You called her my name , then denied that was possible and ran over here .
That's - That's pretty much where we are right now .
Now you're perfectly still , perhaps thinking I can't see things unless they're moving , T - Rex ? That's your name : T - Rex . We all took time to learn it , because we like you .
Note to self !
Friends : TOO MUCH WORK ? ?
It's time for another one of my TRULY EXCELLENT PARTIES . And you're invited Utahraptor ! Don't worry , I'll say it for you : " I'm totally coming , T - Rex ! This sounds awesome ! "
" You're so amazing sometimes ! ALL THE TIMES , actually ! "
Um - thanks for the invitation , dude . But you totally just called me " Utahraptor . "
What ?
I DIDN'T .
Totally did ! You said " And you're invited , Utahraptor ! "
There's no way !
Hah ! Confusing your best male friend with your best female friend and FORMER LOVER ? ?
I'M NOT .
Look , MAYBE I said the wrong name . You're both my friends : is it so WRONG that I'd mix up your names ?
Dromiceiomimus thinks so . She's the tan one over there . You called her my name , then denied that was possible and ran over here .
That's - That's pretty much where we are right now .
Now you're perfectly still , perhaps thinking I can't see things unless they're moving , T - Rex ? That's your name : T - Rex . We all took time to learn it , because we like you .
Note to self !
Friends : TOO MUCH WORK ? ?
Okay , I've memorized everyone's names and will never mess up again .
I am a new man , cats and kittens !
" Dromiceiomimus " . Your name is " Dromiceiomimus " .
Thanks , T - Rex !
No problem ! Watch this : I'm going to nail Utaraptor's name too .
You already did !
ANOTHER success for Team T - Rex !
Yes ! You certainly are recognizing objects , something most children do in their first few months .
Hey . Listen . If you keep up this negativity , I'm going to STOP my constant mantra of " Utahraptor is the orange one " . I'll replace it , I swear .
With wh -
SOON :
" Just dance ! Gonna be okay : da da doo - doo - mmm / Just dance ! Spin that record babe : da da doo - doo - mmm "
No regrets , Lady Gaga ! !
EVERYTHING YOU NEED TO KNOW ABOUT RELATIONSHIPS
Relationships are when you put two people in a jar , and then , you shake the jar !
And relationships are complicated and stuff , but DON'T WORRY : you know how many folks there are on the planet ? Almost SEVEN BILLION FOLKS . That's so many folks ; if you screw up with one of 'em , you can always start fresh with someone new ! I'll say it again because it's totally worth repeating : there are SO MANY FOLKS .
Burn your bridges ?
No , man !
Just say " Look , I think it's pretty clear SOMEONE messed up this relationship . But listen , whatever , there's literally BILLIONS of other people to talk to , so NO BIGGIE . "
I'm not sure this is good advice .
Don't be so negative ! This is EXCELLENT ADVICE .
If you continue to be so negative , man , I can just find someone else to talk to ! Billions of other potential friends , remember ?
Yeah , but how do you find them ?
Hello ? Dialing 555 - 0001 and then 0002 and then 0003 ?
And then talking about my INTERESTS ? ?
FUN EXPERIMENTS TO DO AT HOME
Attention , youths of today ! Did you know that there are several fun experiments you can do at home ?
For example , add vinegar to baking soda !
The resulting mixture will make a lot of bubbles and it's pretty cool . I'm serious : it's pretty cool ! You can add food colouring to make it look like cartoon lava too . Tight !
. . . Normally at this point you'd talk about the science behind the experiment , T - Rex .
Hah !
PLEASE .
Another fun experiment is to wrap copper wire around an iron nail !
And then attach the wire to a battery ?
Yep ! Do that and now your nail can pick up tiny metal paperclips , as if by MAGIC . Heck , it may actually BE magic , for all you know ! Is it magic ? Let's all decide that it is .
T - Rex , you're my friend , but you're -
you're ruining science
THE END
I like swimmin' and my friends like swimmin' , AND YET , none of us have a pool . What the heck , everybody ?
It's time for us to make friends with some pool - owning dudes ! !
We both know I'm always down for swimming , T - Rex , but isn't that a bit - mercenary ?
No man ! We're not going to be terrible people who are friends with a guy just because he has a pool . We'll be awesome sexy WELL - ADJUSTED people who are friends with a guy because he's totes sweet , and the pool will be a bonus ! It's " gravy " on " the side " .
So you don't think it's at all mercenary to seek out friends with splashy benefits .
Exactly !
If I'M being mercenary by wanting a friend with a pool , then sexy young people who have the express goal of seducing a rich older partner who will soon die and leave all the money to them are mercenary too .
. . .
Okay !
OBVIOUSLY we all know I need to work on my analogies
Sleepwalking ! I would like to get me some sleepwalking , please . And more than just sleepwalking !
There's been cases of sleeptalking , sleepemailin' and even sleepsexin' !
I WOULD TOTALLY BE DOWN WITH THAT . I lose like eight hours of productive time A DAY whenever I have to go lie down and close my eyes and hallucinate for a while . Is it truly possible to level up and have a fully functional life while sleeping , so that I can wake well - rested and discover that , OH SNAP , all my problems were solved by Sleepytime Rex ? And also that I sent out some emails ? . . . And had sexy times ?
Probably not , dude !
I'M not certain anyone has tried !
Sleepwalkers can have their EYES OPEN and you can talk to them , but they're confused . Take away that confusion and I'd be unstoppable ! I'd be TAKING CARE OF BIDNESS while everyone else was dreaming about SOCKS .
Yeah , but you can't just " take away the confusion " .
I'm gonna !
LATER :
There ! My bedroom's covered with posters that say " YOU ARE SLEEPING , CAN YOU FIGURE OUT MY TAX PROBLEMS ? WHAT'S WRONG WITH THE TOILET ? HOW COME BAD THINGS HAPPEN TO GOOD PEOPLE ? "
Three big problems . . . for one very sleepy dude !
This month - - this October , RIGHT NOW - - has five Fridays in it , AND five Saturdays , AND five Sundays !
This month might be the best month !
It's the same amount of days , though , T - Rex .
Dromiceiomimus , you're totally looking at this the wrong way ! This October has FIVE WEEKENDS in it . If you count Fridays as weekends - - AND YOU SHOULD - - then there's a full 15 days of weekend available this month ! Fully FORTY - EIGHT PERCENT of this month is weekend ! That's fantastic .
We had a full five weekends in January too .
. . .
. . . Okay , you know what ? I should've partied way harder in January .
I'm just saying : five - weekend months aren't that rare . And if we're counting Friday as weekend , why not Monday too ?
WHY NOT INDEED ? ?
LATER :
Oh yeah , BOSSES are why not
This month - - this October , RIGHT NOW - - has five Fridays in it , AND five Saturdays , AND five Sundays !
This month might be the best month !
It's the same amount of days , though , T - Rex .
Dromiceiomimus , you're totally looking at this the wrong way ! This October has FIVE WEEKENDS in it . If you count Fridays as weekends - - AND YOU SHOULD - - then there's a full 15 days of weekend available this month ! Fully FORTY - EIGHT PERCENT of this month is weekend ! That's fantastic .
We had a full five weekends in January too .
. . .
. . . Okay , you know what ? I should've partied way harder in January .
I'm just saying : five - weekend months aren't that rare . And if we're counting Friday as weekend , why not Monday too ?
WHY NOT INDEED ? ?
LATER :
Oh yeah , BOSSES are why not
Alright dudes ! Today is TELL EVERYONE ABOUT ME ( T - REX ) day . It's the day where I finally get tons of new friends ! I will finally be
POPULAR
Dromiceiomimus , what are you doing here ? ! You should be out talking me up !
Huh . I guess I'm just really bad at TELL EVERYONE ABOUT ME ( T - REX ) day .
T - Rex , I -
Utahraptor , you too ? ?
Did NOBODY read my email in full last night ? You should be out talking me up to others , getting me some new friends !
To be honest , I find this whole idea kinda insulting .
Utahraptor if you ever wanted me to talk you up , I'D do it ! Check it :
" Hey , Utahraptor's , um , great ! He's tall I guess and his skin is orange and also brown I think . On his belly or whatever ? "
That's really the best you can do ?
You didn't let me finish !
" If we were friends , MAYBE I could find out more about his belly ? "
We don't have all of Shakespeare's plays . Turns out , we TOTALLY LOST some of the work of the greatest playwright in the English language ever !
Whoops ! Butterfingers !
So yeah , if you're wondering what happened in " The History of Cardenio " then KEEP WONDERING , because none of us kept a copy around . When we were done watching the play we all said " Neat " and then forgot about it forever . When the actors were done they all said " Cool " and threw their copies in the garbage . And then they died years later and their last words were " Forsooth ! Nobody ever asked me to recite my part of Cardenio from memory , OH SNAPS . "
PERSONALLY , I think the problem is the title .
You don't like history ?
The play sounds like a lecture ! If he'd called his play " Check out Time . . . at Hotel Erotical ! " or " Good Grieffe , More Robot Suits " then MAYBE people would have kept the play around .
I don't -
Oh ! " Teens ! Teeens ! ! Teeeens ! ! ! " is objectively better too .
MEANWHILE , IN TUDOR ENGLAND
Shakespeare , how about you call your play " Space Quest ] | [ " ?
um zero of my character are questing for space t - rex
Dude !
WE CAN FIX THAT .
Another year without me being awarded a Nobel Peace Prize ! I hate to me " Mr . Where's My Peace Prize Already " , but , well - here we are . I GUESS that's who I am now . I GUESS I should get some new business cards printed up .
This is kinda getting old , you guys !
I'm just - I'm not sure what else I can do , Nobel Peace Prize Award Committee . Ask anyone if I can get more peaceful ! They'll say " No way , dude ! ! " or they'll say " I'm sorry , I don't know who T - Rex is . "
Yeah , but the prize isn't for being peaceful ! It's for working TOWARDS peace .
Hello ? ? I've done so much work for peace !
Like what , T - Rex ?
Um , like not becoming a brutal world dictator ?
By failing to take even the SMALLEST STEP towards dictatorship , I've saved millions of lives that would otherwise be lots in the ensuing conflict . Wow , you guys ! That's a lot of peace !
That's just inaction with good PR ! That's not work .
BELIEVE ME , some days it's work .
Okay . I kinda set you up for that .
And I kinda ran with it ! That's why we're such good comedy partners !
I mean FRIENDS
I am going to write an amazing play , and it will be hilarious and beautiful and meaningful and have depths that will keep critics writing for generations , and it will make me famous and rich .
Looks like this morning just got a friggin' GOALSET , baby !
SOON :
How's the play going so far , T - Rex ?
Good ! So far I've got over FOU - over THREE characters , and I've got a conflict too ! The characters want to go to the ice cream store but one of them is like , " oh hey , I feel like I've had enough ice cream . "
You can never have enough ice cream !
Exactly !
That's what the other characters say to the first character . Then they get into a fight . The fight spreads , and before long the audience is drawn into it too !
Audience participation ?
They get punched by actors , so : yes .
SOON : THE PLAY IS NOT HILARIOUS OR BEAUTIFUL OR MEANINGFUL AND IT DOESN'T MAKE T - REX RICH BUT IT DOES HAVE AUDIENCE PUNCHING
And after , lawsuits ! !
AND AFTER , LAWSUITS
I am going to write an amazing play , and it will be hilarious and beautiful and meaningful and have depths that will keep critics writing for generations , and it will make me famous and rich .
Looks like this morning just got a friggin' GOALSET , baby !
SOON :
How's the play going so far , T - Rex ?
Good ! So far I've got over FOU - over THREE characters , and I've got a conflict too ! The characters want to go to the ice cream store but one of them is like , " oh hey , I feel like I've had enough ice cream . "
You can never have enough ice cream !
Exactly !
That's what the other characters say to the first character . Then they get into a fight . The fight spreads , and before long the audience is drawn into it too !
Audience participation ?
They get punched by actors , so : yes .
SOON : THE PLAY IS NOT HILARIOUS OR BEAUTIFUL OR MEANINGFUL AND IT DOESN'T MAKE T - REX RICH BUT IT DOES HAVE AUDIENCE PUNCHING
And after , lawsuits ! !
AND AFTER , LAWSUITS
Okay , I hate to be the one to say it , but I must be pretty great because I just had ANOTHER brilliant idea about time travel ! Suppose it's possible to send a message BACK IN TIME .
And suppose causality still holds , so that events in the past determine the future !
So when I send a message to Past T - Rex , he'll act on it - and that'll change the universe that I , Present T - Rex , live in ! So presumably now I'd send a different message back in time , which will again change how past T - Rex acts . We've got an unstable loop of constantly changing timelines , but it SHOULD proceed towards an equilibrium !
And the simplest equilibrium is that no message is sent at all ?
Exactly !
I send a message that makes Past Me decide not to send a message back in time . When he reaches the present , no message is sent , and the universe reverts to how it was originally ! Time travel might ERASE ITSELF every time it happens !
Wow ! That's amazing ! Too bad Larry Niven came up with it already .
Larry Niven already invented T - Rex's Law ? That's crazy !
. . . Why do you think he named it after me ?
What day is it ? Friday ? It must be Friday because it's time for more . . .
SECRETS OF THE MEDICAL PROFESSION
So what you do is tap someone on the head between the eyes and above the nose ! They'll reflexively blink each time you tap them until they get wise to you game , at which point they'll suppress the reflex and the blinking will stop . But until then , THEIR EYELIDS ARE AT YOUR MERCY . YOU CONTROL SOMEONE ELSE'S EYELIDS WITH YOUR MEREST WHIM .
Neat , I guess !
Pretty neat I guess , yeah !
So your secret is tap someone on the head and they'll blink ? You must be fun at parties .
That's only part of it !
The other part is if they CONTINUE to blink after the first few taps , then that's one of the early symptoms of Parkinson's disease .
Holy crap !
But it's not NECESSARILY Parkinson's . It could also be dementia ! Or any number of progressive neurological illnesses , really .
THIS PANEL INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK
ON ACCOUNT OF HOW YOU ARE CURRENTLY TAPPING YOUR FACE
What day is it ? Friday ? It must be Friday because it's time for more . . .
SECRETS OF THE MEDICAL PROFESSION
So what you do is tap someone on the head between the eyes and above the nose ! They'll reflexively blink each time you tap them until they get wise to you game , at which point they'll suppress the reflex and the blinking will stop . But until then , THEIR EYELIDS ARE AT YOUR MERCY . YOU CONTROL SOMEONE ELSE'S EYELIDS WITH YOUR MEREST WHIM .
Neat , I guess !
Pretty neat I guess , yeah !
So your secret is tap someone on the head and they'll blink ? You must be fun at parties .
That's only part of it !
The other part is if they CONTINUE to blink after the first few taps , then that's one of the early symptoms of Parkinson's disease .
Holy crap !
But it's not NECESSARILY Parkinson's . It could also be dementia ! Or any number of progressive neurological illnesses , really .
THIS PANEL INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK
ON ACCOUNT OF HOW YOU ARE CURRENTLY TAPPING YOUR FACE
Do you guys know about T - Rex's Three Laws of Parties ? I hope you do , because oh snap ! This dude just went eponymous !
T - REX'S THREE LAWS OF PARTIES
Law one : a sweet party may not injure sexy times or , through inaction , allow sexy times to come to harm . LAW TWO : a sweet party must allow admittance to any sentient being who is totally sweet , except where admittance would conflict the First Law . Law three ! A sweet party must protect its own existence as long as such protection does not conflict with the other laws .
Aren't these just superficially altered Asimovian laws of robotics ?
How is that a bad thing ? Hello ? ! The laws worked for friggin' ROBOTS .
In fiction !
In real life they're super vague ! How does a robot classify " harm " ?
But identifying sexy times at a party is EASY , Utahraptor ! Any sweet party that obeys my laws is known as T - Rexian and it has my full support , okay ? AND they get my stamp of approval too :
T - Rex .
I can't see what I assume you're imagining .
Do you guys know about T - Rex's Three Laws of Parties ? I hope you do , because oh snap ! This dude just went eponymous !
T - REX'S THREE LAWS OF PARTIES
Law one : a sweet party may not injure sexy times or , through inaction , allow sexy times to come to harm . LAW TWO : a sweet party must allow admittance to any sentient being who is totally sweet , except where admittance would conflict the First Law . Law three ! A sweet party must protect its own existence as long as such protection does not conflict with the other laws .
Aren't these just superficially altered Asimovian laws of robotics ?
How is that a bad thing ? Hello ? ! The laws worked for friggin' ROBOTS .
In fiction !
In real life they're super vague ! How does a robot classify " harm " ?
But identifying sexy times at a party is EASY , Utahraptor ! Any sweet party that obeys my laws is known as T - Rexian and it has my full support , okay ? AND they get my stamp of approval too :
T - Rex .
I can't see what I assume you're imagining .
T - REX ISN'T YOUR BIRTHDAY COMING UP SOON
It is !
AND ARE YOU EXCITED FOR THE CELEBRATION
I am !
AND HAVE YOU ACHIEVED YOUR LIFE - LONG GOAL OF BECOMING IMMORTAL YET
I -
Oh yeah .
Okay guys : I've seriously got to become immortal , STAT .
Why not just enjoy the time you've got ?
There's been tons of folk in every generation who wanted to be immortal , and I don't see any of them still kicking around .
Aha , but were THEY motivated by an acute awareness of their failures and compromises , brought on by the anniversary of my birth ? ?
SOON :
I'm still not immortal , but I HAVE managed to recontextualize birthday cakes into second - place consolation prizes for failing to achieve immortality ! Now all birthday parties are super depressing .
. . . Go me ?
Man , I shouldn't be down about not YET being immortal . There's all sorts of different forms of immortality ! Immortality through art , through deed . . .
. . . through ensuring that if I don't live forever , the forever only lasts only as long as I do . . .
What ? ! What was that last one again , T - Rex ?
Oh ! Just idly speculating that if you define immortality as " living as possible to live " , then if I were somehow responsible for the complete destruction of the universe , I'd EFFECTIVELY be immortal . I'd have lived for as long as it was possible to , until the UNIVERSE ITSELF was lost !
. . . You know ?
T - Rex ! That's super - villian logic !
I know ! ! It just sort of - happened .
I awoke this moring - my birthday - and found I'd discovered how to personally benefit from the end of all things . What do you do after that ?
Just because you'll benefit from something doesn't mean you should do it !
Okay but
What if it does though
T - REX IF YOU DESTROY THE UNIVERSE I'M GOING TO BE SUPER CHEEZED
With a Z ?
WELL HONESTLY I'D BE SO MAD I'M NOT SURE IF I'D TAKE THE TIME TO WRITE IT DOWN
I'd really like to get my friends a " thanks for being awesome " present ! But all I can think to give them is a website link . It's to a site that lets you check out how sweet some home appliances are !
I think they'd really like it !
But our culture is crazy , Dromiceiomimus , because I can't just give you a URL as a gift . No matter how much you'd like it !
Sure you can !
Well yeah I CAN , but it doesn't count nearly as much as a REAL present . You can't say you'd not be disappointed if you unwrapped a gift that was just " checkoutthesesweethomeappliances . com " written on a slip of paper !
Well , maybe the site has a book version or something ?
But why does that make the gift better ?
Is it because a book costs money ? Are gifts only good if they cost money ?
No , home - made presents are good too .
THOSE COST TIME . Are we so psychopathic that we think gifts are only good if they lessen the giver in some way ? ?
Everyone had better adjust their attitude before replicators get invented ! Because once that happens I'm getting everyone action figures of the two of us for their birthdays , and they're not gonna cost me a cent and everyone will have to DEAL .
We'll have little chapeaus
I'd really like to get my friends a " thanks for being awesome " present ! But all I can think to give them is a website link . It's to a site that lets you check out how sweet some home appliances are !
I think they'd really like it !
But our culture is crazy , Dromiceiomimus , because I can't just give you a URL as a gift . No matter how much you'd like it !
Sure you can !
Well yeah I CAN , but it doesn't count nearly as much as a REAL present . You can't say you'd not be disappointed if you unwrapped a gift that was just " checkoutthesesweethomeappliances . com " written on a slip of paper !
Well , maybe the site has a book version or something ?
But why does that make the gift better ?
Is it because a book costs money ? Are gifts only good if they cost money ?
No , home - made presents are good too .
THOSE COST TIME . Are we so psychopathic that we think gifts are only good if they lessen the giver in some way ? ?
Everyone had better adjust their attitude before replicators get invented ! Because once that happens I'm getting everyone action figures of the two of us for their birthdays , and they're not gonna cost me a cent and everyone will have to DEAL .
We'll have little chapeaus
Alright , I'll say it : speeding music up makes songs sound ridiculous .
There must be a way to capitalize on this ! !
T - Rex , I believe this has already been capitalized on . . . by Alvin and his associated Chipmunks ?
Right , right . Okay . Well , um , slowing DOWN music makes it sound ridiculous AND boring . Maybe I can capitalize on that ! Or maybe I can play it slow , and then fast , and then slow again . And then reverse slow ?
Maybe you can just enjoy music and not try to make money off it by playing it oddly ?
Utahraptor , PLEASE .
You're the guy lounging in his boat . I'm the guy on shore , strapping boats into a colossal trebuchet and firing them into the sky . Oh snap ! There one goes now . You idly glance up , a hand trailing in the water . Can you see it ?
W - -
You can see it .
You have trouble processing it as the boat descends towards you , but then - you realize ! It's all an analogy for how you like boring regular music and I'm busy inventing the FUTURE ! !
I paddle really fast !
It's too late ! Your last words are " T - Rex was right , that was sweeeeeeeeeet " !
Alright , I'll say it : speeding music up makes songs sound ridiculous .
There must be a way to capitalize on this ! !
T - Rex , I believe this has already been capitalized on . . . by Alvin and his associated Chipmunks ?
Right , right . Okay . Well , um , slowing DOWN music makes it sound ridiculous AND boring . Maybe I can capitalize on that ! Or maybe I can play it slow , and then fast , and then slow again . And then reverse slow ?
Maybe you can just enjoy music and not try to make money off it by playing it oddly ?
Utahraptor , PLEASE .
You're the guy lounging in his boat . I'm the guy on shore , strapping boats into a colossal trebuchet and firing them into the sky . Oh snap ! There one goes now . You idly glance up , a hand trailing in the water . Can you see it ?
W - -
You can see it .
You have trouble processing it as the boat descends towards you , but then - you realize ! It's all an analogy for how you like boring regular music and I'm busy inventing the FUTURE ! !
I paddle really fast !
It's too late ! Your last words are " T - Rex was right , that was sweeeeeeeeeet " !
Dromiceiomimus , we've been friends for over 10 years !
When you think about it , we've been friends for over a quarter of my life !
Woah . That's - that's actually a really long time .
But a good time too !
Oh , absolutely ! But imagine our friendship as a sweaty lump sitting in a corner . We're pointing to it and saying , " So hey , we spent a quarter of our lives working on that . " Is is worth it ?
. . . What ?
Man , why'd you pick a sweaty lump ?
I had to pick something ! ! It's all that came to mind !
If you're going to physicalize a friendship , make it something awesome ! Pick a jetpack ! Pick a grizzly bear you've taught to play the piano .
Okay , I can still pull this out . Watch and learn , Utahraptor !
SOON :
Dromiceiomimus , our friendship is a robot we've built , powered by our platonic love and also sometimes our sexytimes love too ! He says only one thing : " ERROR : I'M GLAD I'M SO AWESOME "
Let's spend another decade making it so it can say other stuff too , okay ?
Dromiceiomimus , we've been friends for over 10 years !
When you think about it , we've been friends for over a quarter of my life !
Woah . That's - that's actually a really long time .
But a good time too !
Oh , absolutely ! But imagine our friendship as a sweaty lump sitting in a corner . We're pointing to it and saying , " So hey , we spent a quarter of our lives working on that . " Is is worth it ?
. . . What ?
Man , why'd you pick a sweaty lump ?
I had to pick something ! ! It's all that came to mind !
If you're going to physicalize a friendship , make it something awesome ! Pick a jetpack ! Pick a grizzly bear you've taught to play the piano .
Okay , I can still pull this out . Watch and learn , Utahraptor !
SOON :
Dromiceiomimus , our friendship is a robot we've built , powered by our platonic love and also sometimes our sexytimes love too ! He says only one thing : " ERROR : I'M GLAD I'M SO AWESOME "
Let's spend another decade making it so it can say other stuff too , okay ?
I don't have all the details on my new fantastic story , but I have a title ! It's called " Oh No , I Think That Machine Tells You How You're Going To Die ! "
It takes place in a world where everyone knows how they're going to die !
You waltz into a doctor's office and take a blood test , and the machine spits out a piece of paper that says " cheeseburger overdose " and that's 100 % how you're going to die .
But it's not straightforward , so you could die from eating too many cheeseburgers , but you could ALSO die from a guy named " Cheeseburger " stuffing his hand down your throat .
That's gross .
That won't be in my story
Hey T - Rex , what were you doing five years ago ?
Chilling out , maxing , relaxi -
Nope !
ACTUALLY , you were describing a book with the exact same premise . You're plagiarizing yourself , dude !
Nuh - uh ! There's a new twist : now the results for everyone born AFTER the machine's invention read simply " suicide " .
Gah !
Frig ! I freaked myself out too ! !
. . .
Utharaptor when I stand like this it means HUGS PLEASE
I don't have all the details on my new fantastic story , but I have a title ! It's called " Oh No , I Think That Machine Tells You How You're Going To Die ! "
It takes place in a world where everyone knows how they're going to die !
You waltz into a doctor's office and take a blood test , and the machine spits out a piece of paper that says " cheeseburger overdose " and that's 100 % how you're going to die .
But it's not straightforward , so you could die from eating too many cheeseburgers , but you could ALSO die from a guy named " Cheeseburger " stuffing his hand down your throat .
That's gross .
That won't be in my story
Hey T - Rex , what were you doing five years ago ?
Chilling out , maxing , relaxi -
Nope !
ACTUALLY , you were describing a book with the exact same premise . You're plagiarizing yourself , dude !
Nuh - uh ! There's a new twist : now the results for everyone born AFTER the machine's invention read simply " suicide " .
Gah !
Frig ! I freaked myself out too ! !
. . .
Utharaptor when I stand like this it means HUGS PLEASE
There's a species of side - blotched lizards where the males have coloured throats , and they're either orange , blue , or yellow ! The orange ones are biggest , the blue ones ar medium sized , and the yellow ones are tiniest .
I PROMISE THIS STORY TOTALLY GETS BETTER
Okay , so what's awesome is that the big orange lizards are toughest : they beat up the blue lizards and steal their girlfriend ! But the blue lizards can defend against the smaller yellow ones , AND they form stronger relationships . Meanwhile , the yellow ones are so small that they can sneak in and sex up the orange lizard's girlfriend while he's out fighting ! The blue lizard's sweeties are in committed relationships though , so Yellow can't seduce them away .
So orange beats blue , blue beats yellow , and yellow beats orange !
Exactly !
Or in other words : Rock Paper Scissors . So awesome ! The lizards are playing it endlessly , only they're way more hardcore than us , because they're PLAYING FOR SEX .
I've played Rock Paper Scissors for sex .
. . . Okay that wasn't where I saw this coversation going but yeah let's do this .
SOON
So you REALLY chose paper and he chose rock and then you had sexy times ?
For the third time : YES .
REALLY ? ? It wat that easy ? Because -
- because stories like this make me worry I'm living my life wrong
Wouldn't it be amazing to write down everything you are and everything you know into a book , so that someone reading it could know you as well as you know yourself ?
Hey !
I'll save you the trouble ; the answer is " YES , OBVIOUSLY IT WOULD BE ! "
So um , why hasn't anyone done this already ?
Because it's probably not even POSSIBLE to capture an entire person in a book , and even if it were , there's just too much information ? I'm not convinced our brains have enough space to store ourselves PLUS all of another person at the same time !
No problem ! Write your own book , and you can restore yourself from backup by reading it after !
But then I'd be backup me , I'd have no memories of reading the other book !
. . . TRUE .
Okay , so record yourself on camera when you've read my book you can watch the footage and say " Hey , I made a pretty sweet T - Rex . Maybe I should read that book again . "
. . . Don't you have , like - a job you should be at right now ?
. . . Don't you ?
Friiiig
So um , I just I found out that you can make a really good pasta sauce out of like , a can of crushed tomatoes and some spices . Maybe some garlic too .
I've been paying ACTUAL DOLLARS for canned pasta sauces for years !
I've chumpatized myself ! I'm like the guy eating at Burger King his whole life and you know he's actually never realized you can make burgers at home . You don't even have to be dressed for home burgers , me ! And naked burgers are one of life's great pleasures !
It's great you're cooking more , but you don't even need the canned tomatoes . You can start with fresh ones !
WHAT
Next thing you'll say is I don't have to get spices in little jars !
You don't !
You can get fresh ones . You can grow a lot of them on your windowsill , actually , for basically zero dollars .
Hah ! What's next - somehow growing my own TOMATOES ? ?
Yeah , you can do that too .
They need a lot of water .

Attention , everybody else enjoying delicious fast food mealtime treats ! I'm gonna go ahead and say what we're all thinking :
I WON'T TELL IF YOU WON'T
Have you lied about liking a sport and now you're being called out on that lie ? Okay . Lucky for you , it's
HOW TO BLUFF YOUR WAY THROUGH EVERY CONVERSATION ABOUT SPORTS
. . . day !
Maybe that wasn't clear . It's " How to bluff your way through every conversation about sports DAY . "
What's sports day ? Why are we talking about it ?
Right . Okay , this isn't going well ; I think it's my fault . I am going to show you how to bluff your way through sports conversations . Today has taken its name from this task .
So , T - Rex , let's talk about sports !
SUPER .
I'll start ! The ref's been blind ; I'll go on to say if one team got their act together , they could win it all .
Ah , but I was referring to the sport of CHESS .
And I , my friend , was referring to the chess prodigy known only as " The Ref " !
He's been blinded recently . And he's a one - man team that prefers collective pronouns ? I'm surprised you missed it ; it was in all the papers .
So !
. . . you still believe me when I'm talking to you , yes ?
Mammals have it pretty great ! I gotta admit : I'm kinda jealous of them sometimes !
What with all their hair and whatnot !
You're seriously jealous of mammals , T - Rex ?
Just their body hair , Dromiceiomimus ! Not only can they style it so that one mammal can look totally different from another mammal , but it's gotta be the most amazing way to lose weight . If you're too fat : no problem ! Just squeeze out some hair and cut it off . Instant weight loss !
I'm not sure hair works that way .
Come on , You know PROBABLY it does .
The only place that the energy and matter needed to produce body hair can come from is through food ! Bottom line : that's a VIABLE WEIGHT - LOSS VECTOR that I simply don't have .
But you've got finger nails , right ?
Holy crap ! I DO
LATER :
I cut off my fingernails , but they were only a few grams and took weeks to grow back ! It also didn't help that I chewed them up into a crunchy paste before I swallowed them though .
Okay I need to start keeping some thoughts to myself , like ASAP
I'm not in love ! I'm not . So everyone can just remember that . You know what it is ?
IT'S A PHASE .
It's just - it's a silly phase I'm going through .
You'd like to see someone , but then again , it doesn't mean they mean that much to you ?
YES . Oh my gosh , that's PRECISELY how I feel .
Dromiceiomimus , how did you know ? ?
Those are song lyrics , T - Rex .
Hah .
Really , though : how'd she know ?
They're song lyrics ! " I'm Not In Love " by " 100cc " . It's a 70s song .
OH MY GOD . That's amazing ! SOMEHOW , my life was the inspiration for a 70s song - THIRTY YEARS AFTER IT WAS RELEASED ! !
Or , here in Plausible Land , you unconsciously plagiarized it .
FIFTEEN DAYS LATER AND THIRTY YEARS AGO :
Guys , guys ! I just had a vision of a giant talking green dinosaur with emotional problems ! Let's write a song about him , okay ?
I KNEW IT .
I'm not in love ! I'm not . So everyone can just remember that . You know what it is ?
IT'S A PHASE .
It's just - it's a silly phase I'm going through .
You'd like to see someone , but then again , it doesn't mean they mean that much to you ?
YES . Oh my gosh , that's PRECISELY how I feel .
Dromiceiomimus , how did you know ? ?
Those are song lyrics , T - Rex .
Hah .
Really , though : how'd she know ?
They're song lyrics ! " I'm Not In Love " by " 100cc " . It's a 70s song .
OH MY GOD . That's amazing ! SOMEHOW , my life was the inspiration for a 70s song - THIRTY YEARS AFTER IT WAS RELEASED ! !
Or , here in Plausible Land , you unconsciously plagiarized it .
FIFTEEN DAYS LATER AND THIRTY YEARS AGO :
Guys , guys ! I just had a vision of a giant talking green dinosaur with emotional problems ! Let's write a song about him , okay ?
I KNEW IT .
Okay ! So the average life expetancy is what - 81 years ? That's pretty terrific . That's a good long time - 29585 days !
EACH OF THEM SUPER AWESOME , hopefully ? ?
But MY awesome idea is this : a page - a - day calendar with 29585 pages on it ! You tear off a page every day until you run out of pages , at which point you're either dead , or congrats , you beat the odds ! Either way , it's a powerful image and reminder of our finite lives !
Especially since when you tear a page off , your calendar gets that much smaller .
And then you throw the page away ! The symbolism : SO PERFECT .
But you couldn't sell this , because most calendars would be starting and ending on different days !
Sure !
That's what custom print on demand is for ! You get this printed up TODAY , Utahraptor , and you can have it tomorrow . TOMORROW .
When it came , I'd have to throw away a good chunk of it for the days I've already lived .
I KNOW . IT'S SUCH A GREAT IDEA .
SOON :
T - Rex , I did some research and your calendar would easily cost upwards of ten thousand dollars to print .
* sigh *
FINE .
I GUESS I can print up a 2061 calendar and circle a day there for FREE
ASK PROFESSOR SCIENCE
Seriously though , only ask him about science stuff , okay ?
Our first letter comes from Utahraptor !
Utahraptor writes , " Dear Professor Science : all electrons share the same properties , but we don't know any reason why this should be so . Could the fact that all electrons are identical be explained by them actually all being the EXACT SAME ELECTRON that's TRAVELLING THROUGH TIME , and we're just catching it in various positions in that journey ? ? PS : T - Rex rules "
Utahraptor , that is a CRAZY LETTER . PS : I liked the PS though .
I didn't write that !
Um dude , says here you did !
You're not holding anything . You MADE UP the letter because YOU had the crazy idea , and you're afraid of being called crazy so you attributed it to me , but you'd still like to know if your idea is actually possible .
We'll let the Professor decide that ! !
LATER : DISAPPOINTMENT REIGNS SUPREME
We have to come back during office hours
ASK PROFESSOR SCIENCE
Seriously though , only ask him about science stuff , okay ?
Our first letter comes from Utahraptor !
Utahraptor writes , " Dear Professor Science : all electrons share the same properties , but we don't know any reason why this should be so . Could the fact that all electrons are identical be explained by them actually all being the EXACT SAME ELECTRON that's TRAVELLING THROUGH TIME , and we're just catching it in various positions in that journey ? ? PS : T - Rex rules "
Utahraptor , that is a CRAZY LETTER . PS : I liked the PS though .
I didn't write that !
Um dude , says here you did !
You're not holding anything . You MADE UP the letter because YOU had the crazy idea , and you're afraid of being called crazy so you attributed it to me , but you'd still like to know if your idea is actually possible .
We'll let the Professor decide that ! !
LATER : DISAPPOINTMENT REIGNS SUPREME
We have to come back during office hours
Two men enter the ring - one man leaves !
THAT'S A LITTLE SEXIST DUDE
And THAT is fixed easily enough !
Two dinosaurs of any gender enter the ring - one dinosaur of any gender leaves !
Now you're excluding non - dinosaur sentient life ! Isn't your friend Mr . Tusks a TINY bit sentient ?
Dromiceiomimus ! He's ENTIRELY sentient , and you shouldn't be so racist against dwarf elephants in in bowler hats who have been elected to the office of vice mayor .
. . . Okay done .
Two sentient life forms enter the ring - one of them leaves !
Sounds good to me !
So um , why are they doing this ?
Well , I WAS going to propose a FIGHT TO THE DEATH with you guys , but you know what ? Now I'm so irritated by all this correcting of my clearly awesome language that instead , I'M GOING HOME .
LATER , FORESHADOWING !
Man , it sure would've been nice to fight my friends to the death . Maybe . . . SOME DAY ?
IS IT STILL FORESHADOWING IF THIS NEVER ACTUALLY HAPPENS
Who wants to party ? Because THIS GUY is totally ready to party .
I am this guy , in case that wasn't clear !
Well , I'd love to party with you , T - Rex , but I'm actually on my way to work .
Well , I'd love to party with YOU , Dromiceiomimus , but you're making that REALLY HARD . I don't even know if your work lets friends party there ! !
Her work probably doesn't let friends party there .
. . . Yeah .
But you're down to party , right ? Ol' Utahraptor , " always down to party " !
Not today ! I've got to run some errands .
Oh .
Okay .
LATER : A PARTY OF ONE !
Otherwise known as " eating chips alone on the couch " .
Otherwise known as NO REGRETS , BITCHES ! !
Oh crap , you wanted to know about the year 1837 ? Quick , everyone : say everything we've memorized about 1837 !
This is the emergency we've trained for ! !
In 1837 , Alexandrina Victoria turned into Queen Victoria and announced she was moving to Buckingham Palace !
In 1837 , Oliver Twist began being serialized ! It had a . . . Twist ending ?
No , it had a Dickens ending ; STICK TO WHAT WE PRACTICED T - REX THIS IS SERIOUS .
Daguerre invented the dageurreotype in 1837 , so there's photographs !
And Morse patented the telegraph !
There were a couple of rebellions in the Canadas , a fire in the Winter Palace and an earthquake in Galilee !
And EVERYONE ALIVE TODAY had ancestors in 1837 who either had or would have sexual congress producing offspring !
. . . Also the US economy crashed so bad that 40 % of banks died .
I'm pretty sure those last two events are unrelated !
. . . No way to be sure , really
So the average adult is supposed to think about sex like , a billion times a day , right ? Sometimes more ?
. . . Especially if they're bored ?
Well I'm going to be ABOVE - average , Dromiceiomimus , and I don't mean I'm going to think about sex two billion times per day ! Instead , I'm going to think really productive thoughts instead of sexy ones . Every time I start to think " sex " I'll instead think " How can I make things better ? How can I solve ALL the problems ? "
And I'm not allowed to answer these questions with " sex " either !
Later :
So how's the problem - solving going ?
Honestly : not so well !
The thing is , I've had YEARS of practice at thinking sexy thoughts ; I've got that down COLD . But I'm a rank amateur when it comes to this !
None of those skills transferred over , huh .
I'm SINCERELY SURPRISED by how poorly my erotic imagination prepared me for solving such serious world issues .
I'm Sincerely Surprised By How Poorly My Erotic Imagination Prepared Me For Solving Such Serious World Issues .
The T - Rex Story
" A biography full of surprises , not the least of which is how poorly T - Rex's erotic imagination fared on the world stage . " - The New Yorker
So the average adult is supposed to think about sex like , a billion times a day , right ? Sometimes more ?
. . . Especially if they're bored ?
Well I'm going to be ABOVE - average , Dromiceiomimus , and I don't mean I'm going to think about sex two billion times per day ! Instead , I'm going to think really productive thoughts instead of sexy ones . Every time I start to think " sex " I'll instead think " How can I make things better ? How can I solve ALL the problems ? "
And I'm not allowed to answer these questions with " sex " either !
Later :
So how's the problem - solving going ?
Honestly : not so well !
The thing is , I've had YEARS of practice at thinking sexy thoughts ; I've got that down COLD . But I'm a rank amateur when it comes to this !
None of those skills transferred over , huh .
I'm SINCERELY SURPRISED by how poorly my erotic imagination prepared me for solving such serious world issues .
I'm Sincerely Surprised By How Poorly My Erotic Imagination Prepared Me For Solving Such Serious World Issues .
The T - Rex Story
" A biography full of surprises , not the least of which is how poorly T - Rex's erotic imagination fared on the world stage . " - The New Yorker
I hope you have all saved up your $ 59 . 95 because my new video game is going to be amazing ! And it will cost $ 59 . 95 . Now you have all the facts you'll need to enjoy . . .
Oh Crap , Who'S Gonna Shoot These Bad Guys ? ?
In OCWSGSTBG ? ? , there are some bad guys and we need to shoot them , but nobody knows who'll do it . Some say the player should do it , but the only button you have is labelled " 1 2 3 Not Me " , and then when you press it that's what your character says .
SOMETIMES after you say it , you shrug .
Then what happens ?
So much , Utahraptor ! The whole game !
The other computer characters talk it out and eventually one of them is elected to shoot the eponymous bad guys , and then you watch THEM play the game . It's so sweet . There's , like , explosions .
So the game plays itself .
Hello ? It's a lesson in DIGITAL STORYTELLING ?
The lession is , " sometimes it's fun to watch someone ELSE play video games for a while , maybe next time I'm over you should pass the controller over , Utahraptor " ? ?
Ah yes , a moral I hold near and dear to my heart .
LIFE HACKS FOR MEN
Men ! Are you looking to " hack " your life ? Too bad that doesn't make any sense ! !
I do however have some tips for m -
TIPS FOR MEN
- en !
Tips for men , yeah !
The first tip is this : never ever ask if a woman is pregnant , because she might not be pregnant and then not only have you just called her fat , you've just implied she has a glow as if LIFE ITSELF is developing inside her body .
Assuming she's a mammal !
Yes ! Also : NEVER ASSUME A WOMAN IS A MAMMAL .
Another good tip is to only buy one colour of socks !
Indeed !
If all you have are black socks of the exact same size and style , then they'll all match forever and you can lose one and it's no biggie .
Assuming you wear socks , anyway .
If you don't wear socks then you've ALREADY levelled up to ultimate convenience .
T - REX THESE TIPS WORK FOR WOMEN AS WELL AS MEN SO THE QUESTION IS WHY ARE YOU DIVIDING THIS ALONG GENDER LINES
Nuh - uh ! The real question is this :
How come you eavesdrop on me SO MUCH ; this is a PRIVATE CONVERSATION between BROS ?
So as I was saying , for all intensive purposes , the REAL bro here is ?
I THINK YOU MEAN FOR ALL INTENTS AND PURPOSES
Hello ? Purposes just got intense ! !
IT'S STILL THE WRONG WORD
Far me it for me to correct GOD , but ?
FAR BE IT FROM ME
Right . But it's kinda a mute point ?
MOOT POINT
. . . Okay . I get that as God you're a font of knowledge , but ?
FOUNT OF KNOWLEDGE
Um , both are off - quoted sayings of the same origin ?
OFT - QUOTED YOU MEAN
FINE . I'll try another tact !
TACK
Arguing with God again , T - Rex ?
YES . Apparently I only know a hack - kneed pigeon English , and today God's decided to ignore ALL SOCIAL MORAYS and correct me NON - STOP .
Well , you ARE using the wrong words . I counted three .
Oh , I guess I'd better be internally grateful then ! ! THANKS GOD ! THANKS UTAHRAPTOR !
LATER : T - REX LEARNS THE CORRECT SAYING IS ? DOG - EAT - DOG WORLD ?
I thought it was a doggy - dog world ! ! Dog - eat - dog is WAY more graphic . I'd ? I'd really prefer to live in a doggy - dog world .
* sigh *
Well , all be darned .
Everyone ! Check this out and I hope you haven't left your balls on the floor because after this you might trip on them . Are you ready ? ARE YOU READY TO POSSIBLY TRIP SOME BALLS ? ?
? This sentence is a lie ! ?
Get it ? If the sentence is true , then it's lying , which makes the sentence not true . But if the sentence isn't true , then it's lying , which makes the sentence true ! WELCOME TO PARADOX TOWNE , POPULATION : YOU . YOU LOOK AROUND PARADOX TOWNE AND SEE ONLY BALLS . OH CRAP . YOU FEEL YOURSELF GETTING CLUMSIER .
This paradox is ancient , T - Rex !
WHAT'S THAT ? YOU CAN'T HEAR YOUR OWN CRITICISM AS YOU QUICK - TRIP BALLS , IN SERIES AND ALSO , IN PARALLEL .
It ? s OLD , man !
We've all heard this before and we dealt with it . Most of us didn't trip balls . PERSONALLY , I said ? Oh , I get it . ?
YOU SAY ? OH , I GET IT ? BUT IN HERE PARADOX TOWNE THAT ACTUALLY MEANS ? OH BALLS , I AM HERE TO TRIP YOU ?
HOURS LATER , PARADOX TOWNE IS STILL INFESTED BY BALLS . YOU STRAP A SHOTGUN TO YOUR BACK AND SET OFF ALONE DOWNTOWN . WE SEE THE SUN QUIETLY SETTING ON THE TOWNE AS YOUR FIRST SHOT GOES OFF . BIRDS SCATTER INTO THE SKY .
Oh wow , THIS must be how Shakespeare felt !
AS WE ALL KNOW , once light reaches our eyes , it can take upwards of 50 milliseconds before the chemical process of vision has completed and the information is in a usable form in our brain . 50 milliseconds , you guys ! That's like . . .
FOREVER
It seems to me there's a lot of room for improvement there ! And it seems to me that perhaps - I'M the one who's taken the next step and evolved a vision system that spits data out in 5 milliseconds , instead of 50 ? ?
Let's assume you are that guy with the 5 - millisecond vision !
Oooh ! Let's ! !
Congratulations , you've just become the most dangerous man on the planet !
. . . How ?
Seeing things 45 milliseconds before than every other living thing means that , for all intents and purposes , you can see the future . You can react to things before anyone else is even aware they've happened !
Holy crap ! I need to evolve this ability stat !
RRRrrrRRR
pop > >
Utahraptor , I think I made a problem that can only be solved by hospitals
Beethoven wrote some pretty okay symphonies , but then he started going deaf ! And so rather than talking to people he couldn't hear , he'd have written conversations with them instead .
We've still got these conversation books today !
It's amazing , Dromeceiomimus ! We have records of ACTUAL CONVERSATIONS this dude had , before we'd gotten around to inventing recorded sound . What did Beethoven think about panini sandwiches ? I know , you guys ! LET'S CHECK THE CONVERSATION BOOKS .
He talked about paninis ?
I haven't read the books but , you know ? PROBABLY .
Actually , the books were altered after he died !
What ?
Yeah , an early biographer wanted to make sure history portrayed Beethoven " properly " , so he destroyed about half of them and altered the others .
Wow . That sucks for history , but it's kinda awesome for Beethoven . I can only hope that if I die , SOMEONE classes up my diaries too !
That was a hint , Utahraptor . I'm kinda relying on you for posterity here ! I'm kinda relying on you to substitute " today I polished furniture by flexing my abs back and forth " for " today I dropped a barf " .
. . . 'Cause I'm not going to stop barfing is the thing
" Antonio Tony and Amelia wake up in a world where suddenly everyone has gone blind - EXCEPT FOR THEM . Antonio and Amelia turn to each other and whisper 'Oh sheesh , everyone has gone blind except for us ! ' so now we know what's going on . "
" They go outside and see a lot of folks bumping into things ! "
" They're not sure what they can do . They've heard that in the land of the blind the one - eyed man is king , but neither really wants to be a king , and that's mainly because they're both characters i use in sex stories mostly . Antonio whispers 'This is one problem we can't solve by having sex with each other ! ' , but it's too late because they're having sex with each other now . They eventually agree : it's as erotic as possible under the circumstances . "
Wow , that was a really interesting premise you had for a moment there !
I know , and SOMEWHERE , it all went wrong !
But you know what they say : the best characters write themselves , and as an ARTISTE , I can't control that .
Maybe it's time to get some new characters ? Give Antonio Tony a rest , you know ?
Okay - I'll try ! I'LL TRY AS HARD AS I'VE EVER T -
Oh crap !
Utahraptor I still think I have that hospitals problem
" Amelia and Antonio Tony decided to no longer have sex ! This was some pretty exceptional character development . They both said the next few days were going to be intense . They said this during their now - copious free time . "
" 'Copious sounds like copulation' , ejaculated Antonio ! "
" It was a stupid observation to make . Plus , using 'ejaculated' to mean 'said suddenly' went out of style with corsets and growing your own pigs and four - digit years that start with '18' " .
But Antonio didn't say that , you did . The narrator used " ejaculated " .
" Nobody listen to Dromiceiomimus ! "
So . . . this is a - collaborative story ?
" said Utahraptor , understanding dawning like a real dawn does . "
Okay . Andtonio flicked his cigarette into the fireplae and glared back at the cop . " Amelia can't be dead . I saw her this morning . "
" 'Yep , she's not dead ! ' said the cop . 'I guess I forgot that when I said she was dead before . ' "
Tony felt the cold steel of the gun in his pocket .
LATER :
" Antonio Tony remembered he didn't murder anyone ! "
Then he remembered that he did ! BLOOD GOT EVERYWHERE
" Suddenly this was all a dream and everyone was sexual again , THE END . "
. . . That's not a bad ending , I gotta say
" Amelia and Antonio Tony decided to no longer have sex ! This was some pretty exceptional character development . They both said the next few days were going to be intense . They said this during their now - copious free time . "
" 'Copious sounds like copulation' , ejaculated Antonio ! "
" It was a stupid observation to make . Plus , using 'ejaculated' to mean 'said suddenly' went out of style with corsets and growing your own pigs and four - digit years that start with '18' " .
But Antonio didn't say that , you did . The narrator used " ejaculated " .
" Nobody listen to Dromiceiomimus ! "
So . . . this is a - collaborative story ?
" said Utahraptor , understanding dawning like a real dawn does . "
Okay . Andtonio flicked his cigarette into the fireplae and glared back at the cop . " Amelia can't be dead . I saw her this morning . "
" 'Yep , she's not dead ! ' said the cop . 'I guess I forgot that when I said she was dead before . ' "
Tony felt the cold steel of the gun in his pocket .
LATER :
" Antonio Tony remembered he didn't murder anyone ! "
Then he remembered that he did ! BLOOD GOT EVERYWHERE
" Suddenly this was all a dream and everyone was sexual again , THE END . "
. . . That's not a bad ending , I gotta say
T - REX WHICH ARE BETTER DOGS OR CATS
I guess PERSONALLY I prefer dogs . So hey ! I don't mean to be rude , but as God , um -
Don't you have anything better to do ?
OH HEY T - REX I HAD A BUSY WEEK A WHILE BACK IN WHICH I CREATED WHAT WAS IT AGAIN OH YEAH
THE ENTIRE UNIVERSE
MAYBE YOU MISSED IT
That was like a 7 . 17 hundred billion weeks ago !
AH SO JUST SO WE'RE CLEAR WHAT YOU'RE ASKING ME GOD IS WHAT HAVE YOU DONE FOR ME LATELY
Well ! What HAVE you done for me lately ?
I gave you some eggs and you said you'd make me muffins !
No , I was asking God -
Then you baked the muffins , and then , you ate all the muffins .
Okay , but th -
Then you sent me an email that said only " i dont feel so good DUDE ! ! ! X - D "
{ { thought bubble } } I have no memory of this , but I DO only break out the " X - D " emoticons in the course of a sincere apology { { / thought bubble } }
Alright !
Your story checks out !
T - REX HAS A BELLY ACHE
And it's ridiculous ! 3 . 8 BILLION YEARS of evolution and my belly still has problems if I eat ALL the chicken wings ? That might be baloney sandwiches !
That's probablu a 100 % baloney sandwich buffet ! !
3 . 8 billion years ago evolution was all , " I got this " . And then it whips out simple cells and multicellular life and friggin' PHOTOSYNTHESIS , and then tasty treats in the water and air and land , and plants and fish and reptiles and mammals and birds and flowers and finally us : FULLY SENTIENT LADIES AND DUDES . And then , THEN , evolution says , " Phew , I'm plumb tuckered out ! "
FINISH THE JOB
Hey , maybe you should just eat within your capacity !
PLEASE .
You know what this is ? That is making CONCESSIONS for a FLAWED PRODUCT . I would be perfect if only I could eat more chicken wings ; I'm so close I can taste it .
It -
It tastes like chicken wings from last night
I WARNED IF YOU ATE ANY MORE WINGS THEN 199 THINGS WOULD GO WRONG IN THE BATHROOM
You said one thing would go wrong in 199 different ways !
T - REX AT THIS POINT FOR YOUR BATHROOM
I may have been too hard on evolution the other day . The fact that plants have photosynthesis IS pretty awesome !
We're surrounded by living creatures that EAT SUN .
And then I realized : any animal that I eat either eats plants or eats another animal ! Thus does cruel mistress Induction decree that this entire chain is based on plants , and so even when I'm eating meatburgers I'm eating SUN , the only way I know : INDIRECTLY .
You actually do a form of photosynthesis yourself , T - Rex !
GET the heck OUT .
It's true ! It's not photosynthesis like plants do , but sun does react with your skin to synthesize vitamin D .
What ? !
So what you're saying is I - have superpowers ?
Well , the same superpower every other vertebrate has .
SO WHAT YOU'RE SAYING IS I HAVE SUPERPOWERS .
Ones that are more useful against rickets than crime , yes .
{ { speechless } }
I have some bad news , everyone . I hope everyone is sitting down , because everyone is going to hear my bad news in like two seconds .
We are almost certainly not living up to our potential !
I know , it sucks !
But here's the thing : even if you're super talented AND super successful , for every thing you do there's almost infinite things you could've done instead . How can you say whatever you're doing is the one thing you'd be best at ?
You're talking career - wise ?
Everything - wise ! I could be a great politician , but if I'd been a doctor maybe I'd've been even better !
We can't know what might've been , T - Rex . It's impossible !
Sure !
But we CAN make an educated guess , and with so many choices that could've gone differently , the odds that anyone's doing the one thing they'd be best at are vanishingly small .
I suppose we can only do what makes us happy .
Happiness doesn't equal greatness , but sure , whatever !
It's not all bad , though ! All these choices suggest that in an alternate universe somewhere , each of us is TOTALLY KICKING BUTT .
Hence my new emergency fallback epitaph !
" I - I guess he was just here to make the alternate universes look good ? "
Alright dudes , listen , it's time to MAN UP . It's time for us to become more CULTURALLY MASCULINE .
It's time to CONFORM TO WHAT STRANGERS THINK A MAN SHOULD BE !
Perhaps you need to take a leadership role in something , or perhaps there is a challenge you have failed that you must now succeed in , because that is what MEN do .
These seem like something a woman could do equally as well , if not better !
Perhaps now it's time for you to MAN UP and change our cultural perception of gender then ? ?
So toughness equals manliness then ? Success is a male attribute how ?
Hey man , don't look at me !
I'm just the reporter here . If people walked around saying " LADY UP " to mean " TAKE CARE OF BUSINESS ALREADY " then I would be talking about that !
Okay . I'm going to LADY UP and say that from now on !
I sincerely wish you luck ! !
SOON : TROUBLE 4 UTAHRAPTOR
I said it was time for me to lady up and clean the bathroom and then get some groceries !
* gasp * So sexist ! !
You were supposed to spread the new saying around ! Come on ! !
It's TALKING .
THAT IS LIKE 100 % OF WHAT YOU DO ALL DAY
Alright dudes , listen , it's time to MAN UP . It's time for us to become more CULTURALLY MASCULINE .
It's time to CONFORM TO WHAT STRANGERS THINK A MAN SHOULD BE !
Perhaps you need to take a leadership role in something , or perhaps there is a challenge you have failed that you must now succeed in , because that is what MEN do .
These seem like something a woman could do equally as well , if not better !
Perhaps now it's time for you to MAN UP and change our cultural perception of gender then ? ?
So toughness equals manliness then ? Success is a male attribute how ?
Hey man , don't look at me !
I'm just the reporter here . If people walked around saying " LADY UP " to mean " TAKE CARE OF BUSINESS ALREADY " then I would be talking about that !
Okay . I'm going to LADY UP and say that from now on !
I sincerely wish you luck ! !
SOON : TROUBLE 4 UTAHRAPTOR
I said it was time for me to lady up and clean the bathroom and then get some groceries !
* gasp * So sexist ! !
You were supposed to spread the new saying around ! Come on ! !
It's TALKING .
THAT IS LIKE 100 % OF WHAT YOU DO ALL DAY
" TROUBLE 4 UTAHRAPTOR " COMICS STARRING " UTAHRAPTOR'S PAL T - REX "
Oh no ! Is Utahraptor in trouble again ? IS he in ALL the trouble ? To reiterate slightly :
Has trouble finally come . . . FOR UTAHRAPTOR ?
What can we do , Dromiceiomimus ? We've got to help Utahraptor out !
i imagine the first step is to ascertain what sort of trouble he's in !
I'm on it ! One press of my special " signal watch " will bring him here instantly !
You , called , T - Rex ?
Utahraptor ! I heard you're in trouble again !
I am ! It seems I get into trouble five times a week - but luckily , I've got some great pals to help me out !
That's us !
Yes ! So here's my trouble . . .
I have 12 identical balls , but one is EITHER heavier or lighter than the rest , and I've got a balance scale that measures relative weight .
This sounds complicated !
AND I can only use the scale 3 times to find out which ball is different !
I'm going home okay
Books I would not like my name attached to include " Dealings with Feelings " , " Racist Grandpas : Not Hardly As Racist As ME " and " Check It Out : Controversial Opinions on Paedophilia " .
Also " Now Whose Written A Grammar Text ? "
Books I would not like MY name attached to include " Nudes Misconstrueds " , " Unspeakable Engineering Disasters I Did " , and " All My Secrets : A Confession With Many Secrets " .
Those are good choiced ! I'ma add " Good Grief ! Even More Controversial Opinions on Paedophilia " to my list .
" I'ma " ? You've never said that before .
Short for " I'm gonna " , itself short for " I'm going to " !
Huh ! You should put " Contractions I Saw On TV That I'ma Gonna Use " on your list .
See , no . " I'ma gonna " just makes you sound like Luigi . Also I saw it on the INTERNET , so if I knew how to snap right now I'd say " Oh " and then snap so the resulting message is " Oh snap ! ! "
Holy crap ! That would be SO AWESOME ! !
Utahraptor can you teach me to snap real quick
Perhaps I can get insight into myself by , instead of examining what I know , looking at what I DON'T know ! For example , I don't know anything about what happened in 1900 BCE .
Sorry if awesome sweet times happened , 1900 BCE dudes !
Similarly , I don't know how to turn wool into felt and on closer inspection I'm not ENTIRELY sure that's where felt comes from in the first place . Clearly , I'm not a guy who cares about making felt and / or specific historical times !
These insights are pretty superficial , T - Rex !
Um , they can't all be winners , Dromiceiomimus !
The other problem with your idea is that not knowing something doesn't mean you don't care about it !
How so ?
Well I don't know about felt either , but if I ever need to , it's all there online . Treat the internet like offline storage waiting to be loaded into your active memory , and there's not much you can't potentially know !
That's a great way of looking at it ! I'm a cyborg and the internet is part of my GIANT BRAIN !
T - Rex : What the heck , my giant brain has been down for like THREE HOURS ! !
This might be
THE WORST THING
I hoped it wouldn't come to this , but here we are , and there's nothing left for me to do but say it .
Fashion is WAY TOO HARD .
For serious !
I think , " Oh , I'll get a nice vest , that's fashionable ! " but then I wear it with the wrong shirt and OH NO , now I've somehow clothed myself in experimental unstable ANTIFASHION .
So you've got the ingredients , but can't put them together ?
I've got the ingredients , but they mutually annihilate and the only output of the reaction is I end up looking like a rube !
hence my declaration of just a few seconds ago !
Why not read some fashion magazines ?
The problem THERE is everyone will say " Oh , THAT guy subscribes to 'Classy Chappy Cuarterly' : I can tell by his scarf or whatever . " And every time I try to freestyle I mess it up !
You really do find fashion difficult , don't you ?
Yeah ! Why do you think I walk around naked all the time ? ?
Actually , no , that's not true !
I've got like a thousand REALLY GOOD REASONS for doing that
The best words MIGHT be autological words , you guys !
These are words that describe something that also describes the word itself !
For example , the word " short " is itself short , and the word " multisyllabic " has more than one syllable in it . Soooo crazy !
And the world " understandable " is itself understandable , so it's self - describing and therefore autological too !
Just like " 2oig3nt2as2y " which is a word I just made up that means " annoying to say " !
There's the opposite too : heterological words that DON'T describe themselves , like " long " !
Neat !
So is " heterological " heterological ?
Well if it IS , then it's self - describing , which means autological . And if it ISN'T , then it's autological again too . Huh . If this paradox is supposed to make me trip balls , you should know I've taken the precaution of having them TIGHTLY SECURED .
LATER :
{ { off - screen } } Hey , who put all my balls in the closet ? And then tied the closet handle shut , and then attached a note that reads " NEVER AGAIN > : | " ?
Sir , calm down !
You can thank me whenever ! !
Gentlemen and gentlewomen , thank you for joining me today . As I said in my letter that drew you here , I have and exciting proposition to put to each of you : I propose we undertake a voyage !
I propose we undertake a voyage to no lesser target than the south pole ! !
Are you serious , T - Rex ? Because I'd love to go , but it's super expensive : cruises cost like 10 thousand dollars , plus there's the effects tourism can have on a place , distorting local culture and in some cases the original beauty that first drew people ther -
Dromiceiomimus !
There'll be PENGUINS
If you really want to go , maybe you'd like to know the history of the place first ?
Please !
OKAY , THIS IS ME NARRATING NOW , T - REX . I'M GOING TO TELL YOU THE STORY OF CAPTAIN ROBERT SCOTT . YOU'LL BE SCOTT .
I'm an ambitious military officer , but it's hard to get noticed for a promotion !
Why not captain a trip to the Antarctic ?
Dang , I should TOTES do that !
REMEMBER : YOU'RE IN VICTORIAN TIMES .
Forsooth , I verily doth wantus that !
HISTORY FOR YOU IS A BIG PARTY WHERE EVERYONE JUST HANGS OUT TOGETHER , ISN'T IT ?
F -
Forsooth .
OKAY T - REX , YOU'RE CAPTAIN ROBERT SCOTT AND YOU'VE MADE A TRIP TO ANTARCTICA ON THE DISCOVERY . IT WAS A BIG SUCCESS ! YOU GOT PROMOTED TO CAPTAIN .
I thought I already was captain !
NO , I CALLED YOU THAT BECAUSE THAT'S THE RANK YOU DIE WITH .
I'm gonna DIE ? !
T - REX PLEASE TRY TO STAY IN CHARACTER HERE , OKAY ?
No problem ! * ahem *
I , CAPTAIN ROBERT SCOTT , am going to die ? !
Not before you marry me : Kathleen Bruce ! We meet at a party and love each other very much . We have a kid , too !
Hey ! On that note , I'm going back to Antarctica !
Why ? You've been there before !
But I never reached the pole !
And my FRIENEMY Shackleton just got back from there , and HE came within 180km of it ! I've totally got to beat him .
Shackleton ? Isn't he the guy who , while in Antarctica when EVERYONE was starving , gave on Frank Wild his only biscuit of food for the day ?
And Frank wrote in his diary , " All the money that was ever minted would not have bought that biscuit , and the remembrance of that sacrifice will never leave me " ?
YES
This may be an inopportune time to mention it but I consider him to be a TOTAL DICK
T - REX YOU'RE CAPTAIN SCOTT AND YOU'RE BACK IN ANTARCTICA . YOU'RE TRYING TO REACH THE SOUTH POLE .
" Ice " to see you again , Antarctica ! !
I CAN 100 % GUARANTEE SCOTT NEVER SAID THAT .
" Icy " you think Captain Scott didn't make hilarious puns ! !
RIGHT . SO ON YOUR WAY TO THE SOUTH POLE , YOUR EXPEDITION GETS WORD THAT THIS NORWEGIAN GUY AMUNDSEN HAS A PARALLEL EXPEDITION TO THE SOUTH POLE HAPPENING RIGHT NOW .
I'll beat him ! !
SPOILER ALERT : HE BEATS YOU BY ALMOST A MONTH .
. . . Well , FRIGS AHOY .
Seriously ? We go to the south pole at great personal cost and don't even get there first ?
So depressing !
And at the south pole Amundsen left a letter for me , asking that I deliver it to the King of Norway . Apparently he's . . . the biggest jerk ?
Really , it's insurance in case he doesn't make it back . The march isn't going to be easy !
. . . Right . Well , before we go let me write in my diary !
Ahem . " Great God ! This is an awful place and terrible enough for us to have laboured to it without the reward of priority . All the daydreams must go ; it will be a wearisome return . "
" ps : this TOTALLY SUCKS "
" SO HARD "
SO THIS IS THE SADDEST PART OF ROBERT SCOTT'S STORY , T - REX .
Getting to the south pole a month late wasn't sad enough ?
WELL , IN THIS PART , EVERYONE DIES .
. . . of old age ?
NOPE : EXPOSURE . THINGS ARE GETTING WORSE AS THE TEMPERATURE DROPS .
what happens ?
ONE MAN , OATES , IS IN A BAD WAY . RATHER THAN SLOW EVERYONE DOWN , HE GETS UP ONE MORNING , SAYS " I AM JUST GOING OUTSIDE AND MAY BE SOME TIME " , AND LEAVES THE TENT . NOBODY EVER SEES HIM AGAIN .
. . . Whoah .
Okay ! That's it ! ! I'm tapping out !
You don't want to hear how this ends ?
I know how it ends ! EVERYBODY DIES . Amundsen makes it though , right ?
Yeah , his team's better prepared for getting to the pole . Scott was more an adventurer , while Amundsen said " Adventure is just bad planning " .
Dude , why couldn't you tell me his story instead ?
. . . I thought you'd enjoy a story of doomed struggle more than a story of efficient success ?
Man , I love efficient success ! I'm all about efficient success ! You know how I take baths ? EFFICIENTLY .
AND NOT INFREQUENTLY : SUCCESSFULLY
I am not a guy who has the best record with Christmas presents ! Or the best record with presents in general . Or the best um , record , of any description .
ANYWAY THAT IS ALL CHANGING TODAY .
I'm going to get thoughtful experiential gifts , Dromiceiomimus ! I'm going to examine your entire life and decide what one , singular experience your life has been leading to that you've not yet accomplished , and then , I'm going to provide you with that experience ! Doesn't that sound -
foreboding ?
AMAZING ? ?
I appreciate the idea , but this sounds like it's an impossible gift !
Impossibly amazing ?
Sure , but also impossibly expensive and difficult . I appreciate it , but I'd rather just have some hangouts !
It's too late ; you guys already know about the idea ! THE ONLY POSSIBLE SOLUTION is to now travel back in time and murder myself to prevent my gift promises from ever being made ! !
THAT'S UM
THAT'S NOT REALLY WHAT CHRISTMAS IS ALL ABOUT T - REX
Seriously ?
Man , I have got to have like the loosest grasp on Christianity EVER
Riddles ! Everyone loves riddles , and I HAVE GOT A RIDDLE FOR YOU . Vin Diesel was walking down the street and found $ 50 . Instead of taking it , he went into town and stole a fish ! What the hell ?
ANSWER : Vin Diesel is a cat !
Wait . Why was Vin Diesel involved again ?
Maybe you'll like this one better ! Vin Diesel is pushing his car when he stopped outside a hotel and immediately went bankrupt . What the hell ? ?
Vin Diesel -
Correct ! Vin Diesel is a cat who has learned to play Monopoly .
Here's one for you T - Rex ! A beautiful human woman has sex with Vin Diesel .
Interesting !
Now she's going to jail !
Oh man what the hell ? ? Is Vin Diesel a cat ?
Correct !
OH MY GOD , THAT'S SUCH A GOOD RIDDLE !
Vin Diesel ate a spider and then threw up on my living room floor ! What the hell ? ?
Cat and riddle time is OVER ; this is an actual life challenge I must wrestle with
There's all these really interesting and amazing people out there : people who know so many awesome things and DO so many awesome things that I'm like , " HOW IS THIS EVEN POSSIBLE ? "
That's what I'm like !
And I want in !
How did these people get to be so awesome ? Did they start when they were young ? When I was a kid , I just wanted to watch cartoons , but I really want to be amazing now . I want people to say , " That T - Rex , you've got to know him ! He's an amazing guy . So interesting too ! "
I'll say that !
It's not fair if you say it , Dromiceiomimus ! I want STRANGERS to say it .
I bet we could just pay someo -
I want strangers to say it WITHOUT COERCION .
And I want them to be HONESTLY MOTIVATED in their remarks , you know ? I'm not looking for a quick hack here .
Okay , well , then I'd say you should get interesting . Imagine the most interesting person EVER , and then strive to become that person !
Okay ! The most intersting person ever is a woman with robot parts who can hypnotize people and her limbs turn into rockets when she flies . And , when on MOUNTAIN missions , her legs turn into skis .
* sigh *
I've a long road ahead of me , it would seem
There's all these really interesting and amazing people out there : people who know so many awesome things and DO so many awesome things that I'm like , " HOW IS THIS EVEN POSSIBLE ? "
That's what I'm like !
And I want in !
How did these people get to be so awesome ? Did they start when they were young ? When I was a kid , I just wanted to watch cartoons , but I really want to be amazing now . I want people to say , " That T - Rex , you've got to know him ! He's an amazing guy . So interesting too ! "
I'll say that !
It's not fair if you say it , Dromiceiomimus ! I want STRANGERS to say it .
I bet we could just pay someo -
I want strangers to say it WITHOUT COERCION .
And I want them to be HONESTLY MOTIVATED in their remarks , you know ? I'm not looking for a quick hack here .
Okay , well , then I'd say you should get interesting . Imagine the most interesting person EVER , and then strive to become that person !
Okay ! The most intersting person ever is a woman with robot parts who can hypnotize people and her limbs turn into rockets when she flies . And , when on MOUNTAIN missions , her legs turn into skis .
* sigh *
I've a long road ahead of me , it would seem
The Devil , come quick ! !
GREETINGS T - REX WHAT SEEMS TO BE THE PROBLEM
Nothing , just making sure you're there ! !
T - REX SOME PEOPLE SPEND THEIR ENTIRE LIVES GRAPPLING WITH A DEVIL THEY CAN'T SEE BUT WHOSE INFLUENCE THEY PERCEIVE
I'm not !
YES YOU ARE AND I BELIVE YOU'RE GOING FOR 100 % COMPLETION
You're not what ?
Playing " the boy who cried wolf " with The Devil !
THE CRY WOLF KEY
This is just because I kinda bothered him for no reason .
YOU'VE UNCOVERED LEVELS THAT BY ALL RIGHTS SHOULD BE IMPOSSIBLE
Ah .
YOUR ENDLESS PLAYING HAS PROVOKED THE FIRST REAL STIRRINGS OF ELECTRONIC INTELLIGENCE INTO BEING
T - REX YOU'RE THE LAST PERSON LEFT ALIVE ON EARTH WHAT DO YOU DO
Oh crap OH CRAP oh crap ! ! ohhhhhhhhhhh craaaaaaa -
- ap ! Also frig !
Oh crap OH CRAP oh hey , Dromiceiomimus ! You're still alive !
Yep ! ACTUALLY , I've been still alive since the day I was born .
But that means - God lied to me ! . . . Unless he was proposing a hypothetical situation , which in retrospect he was 100 % doing .
Maybe you really ARE the last one alive , but in response to the stress you went INSANE , imagining we're all still here !
You're surrounded by the collapsed remains of civilization , and you mind is now consoling itself by retreating into the heay realm of fantasy !
Utahraptor , please . My imagination is super terrible ; if reality was all in my head I'm sure we'd ALL be able to tell .
I'll prove it ! This is me imagining what you look like , having seen you just seconds ago !
Okay you can't see that but I actually did a pretty good job .
LITERARY TECHNIQUE COMICS
today's technique : CLIFFHANGERS
Cliffhangers are when you leave things unresolved , so the audience stays . . .
. . .
. . . around ! It's so the audience stays around .
Usually there's some threat that makes things SEEMINGLY IMPOSSIBLE , or a startling revelation that appears at the last second .
As way of an example , I've rigged that house with a nuclear bomb that will explode when it's stomped on , and also , I'm your sister ! !
. . .
FRIG THAT
TO BE CONTINUED
AND NOW , THE CONCLUSION :
Another problem is that cliffhangers sometimes don't resolve at all !
Yes !
And when they do they can't be unsatisfying , like when it turned out you were dreaming about that Dromiceiomimus bomb sister thing . Just as you're dreaming right now . Wake up T - Rex ! ! ONLY YOU ARE A BAD ENOUGH DUDE TO RESCUE THE PRESIDENT !
What ?
TO BE CONTINUED
AND NOW , THE CONCLUSION :
That " bad dude " thing was from a video game
It's Christmas Eve Eve and I've gotten everybody like zero presents
And there's no sign of Christmas being cancelled either !
You were HOPING for Christmas cancellation ?
Man , it happens all the time in cartoons ! ! Santa gets a cough and then OH NO , Christmas is cancelled AGAIN !
Yeah , but some kids always team up and save Christmas ! You really need to finish watching the holiday specials you start , T - Rex .
Yeah , people say that
Does " like zero presents " include me ?
No , I got you something ! My . . . affection ?
I have commoditized our relationship and now present it to you as if it's a gift . Merry Christmas ! We're friends at my discretion .
. . . I got you a Batman train .
What ? !
I DIDN'T EVEN KNOW THEY MADE BATMAN TRAINS
LATER :
UTAHRAPTOR I FEEL BAD ABOUT MY CRAPPY GIFT BUT I'M STILL REALLY EXCITED ABOUT THIS BATMAN TRAIN
MAY I BE THE FIRST TO SAY :
" TOOT TOOT "
The year is almost over , you guys ! We've hat 8 , 765 hours a year to GET THINGS DONE . I'm gonna say what we're all thinking :
DUDES . What have we accomplished ?
Well , if you consider the fact that your body is constantly turning air and water and food into YOU , that's a lot of tiny accomplishments !
I like it ! But I worry an accomplishment list that includes " continued respirating " might seem a BIT padded . We've got to come up with a better name for it !
" Facilitated between disparate matter groups ? "
" Participated in group collaboration between cells " ?
Ooh ! " Enabled bioelectromagnetic synergies " !
" Identified sources of oxygen - rich gasses in order to reach continued viability targets " ?
" Existed as the only spark of consciousness I can be certain of , explored what parts of the universe I could reach , tried to make things better , and made whatever friends I could . " ?
Nice . Also , " Ate thousands of pounds of tasty things ( NICE ) but expelled thousands of pounds of poops ( GROSS ) "
Gotta round that up to a win !
HEY T - REX HAVE YOU MADE A NEW YEAR'S RESOLUTION
I totally have ! And it is a SECRET !
OKAY BUT THE THING IS NOTHING IS REALLY SECRET FROM ME GOD
Except for . . . my resolution ?
T - REX I COULD RECREATE THE UNIVERSE WITH THE ONLY DIFFERENCE BEING YOU TELL ME YOUR RESOLUTION OR I COULD SET THINGS UP SO THAT YOU TELL IT THROUGH YOUR OWN FREE WILL OR I COULD READ YOUR MIND IF I WERE FEELING LAZY
I GUESS I COULD READ YOUR DIARY IF I WAS FEELING SUPER LAZY
Aha ! But I didn't write it down in my REGULAR diary !
AMONG MY TALENTS IS THE ABILITY TO READ SECRET BACKUP DIARIES
What didn't you write down ?
My new year's resolution ! God's trying to trick me into revealing it , but it's TOTALLY not working .
Couldn't he just recreate the universe with the only diff -
OKAY YEAH but what if he DID , he'd have to wait BILLIONS OF YEARS just to get back to the point we're at now !
13 . 75 ? 0 . 17 BILLION YEARS LATER :
This year I resolve to stop stressing about my backhairs so much ! !
HAH HAH HAH
AWESOME
TOTALLY WORTH IT
HEY T - REX HAVE YOU MADE A NEW YEAR'S RESOLUTION
I totally have ! And it is a SECRET !
OKAY BUT THE THING IS NOTHING IS REALLY SECRET FROM ME GOD
Except for . . . my resolution ?
T - REX I COULD RECREATE THE UNIVERSE WITH THE ONLY DIFFERENCE BEING YOU TELL ME YOUR RESOLUTION OR I COULD SET THINGS UP SO THAT YOU TELL IT THROUGH YOUR OWN FREE WILL OR I COULD READ YOUR MIND IF I WERE FEELING LAZY
I GUESS I COULD READ YOUR DIARY IF I WAS FEELING SUPER LAZY
Aha ! But I didn't write it down in my REGULAR diary !
AMONG MY TALENTS IS THE ABILITY TO READ SECRET BACKUP DIARIES
What didn't you write down ?
My new year's resolution ! God's trying to trick me into revealing it , but it's TOTALLY not working .
Couldn't he just recreate the universe with the only diff -
OKAY YEAH but what if he DID , he'd have to wait BILLIONS OF YEARS just to get back to the point we're at now !
13 . 75 ? 0 . 17 BILLION YEARS LATER :
This year I resolve to stop stressing about my backhairs so much ! !
HAH HAH HAH
AWESOME
TOTALLY WORTH IT
We start with the number of children born to billionaire parents each year !
We take that and multiply it by the chance of someone becoming an Olympic athlete !
And we multiply that number by the unfortunate chance someone will witness their parents become the victims of violent crime as a child !
Good god ! You're calculating -
- YES . Dromiceiomimus , YES .
I'm calculating the EXPECTED REAL - LIFE BATMAN GENERATION RATE .
What do you get ? !
Well , there's only about 1000 billionaires worldwide .
And there were 2600 athletes at the last Olympics , so with 6 billion of us in total , your odds are 1 in 2307692 of developing such peak physicality .
And if we generously estimate 0 . 0001 chance of parent murder , then that's . . . !
Hold on , it's hard to do in my head -
That's one Batman every 25 MILLION YEARS , assuming every billionaire has a child each year . And is murdered each year . And I didn't even work in the odds of becoming friends with Superman . Frig !
I hate to say it , but reality SUCKS sometimes .
We start with the number of planets orbiting red suns !
And we multiply that by the chance of a planet having an unstable nuclear core !
And we multiply that by the fortunate chance of having a parent who is a literal rocket scientist .
Good god ! You're not - it couldn't be -
- YES , Dromiceiomimus . YES .
I'm calculating the EXPECTED REAL - LIFE SUPERMAN GENERATION RATE .
But we have basically no idea how many habitable planets there are in the universe !
True !
But we know OUR sun will be a red dwarf eventually . So it's just the odds of our species surviving long enough , times the odds of having a rocket scientist parent , times the odds of free superpowers when landing on a strange planet orbiting a queer yellow sun !
So . . . zero ?
. . .
I'm going back to bed
The number of Spider - men depends on the number of real - life superpower - granting spiders , which I'm pretty sure is zero . The number of Hulks depends on the number of gamma bomb blasts granting superpowers , which , again : zero .
This DOES explain why no Spider - men Hulks have tried to steal my girlfriend ! !
But it makes things pretty depressing . Watch an action movie and you can thin " That could be me , if my chums and I were ever sent into space to blow up an asteroid . " But there's no way I can become Spider - man OR Hulk ! Or Flash . Or Green Lantern or even Black Canary .
* sigh *
You could still become Green Lantern , T - Rex !
Really ? !
Sure ! He's given powers through an alien ring , so really you just need a slightly modified Drake Equation that incorporates the odds of strangers giving you stuff .
And by making myself more charismatic , I increase that chance , which thereby increases my Green Lantern Ring Potential ! !
SOON :
Oh , will you look at that ! NONE of my fingers have rings on them ! Gosh , that's a lot of potential
As much as my personal potential for fighting crime and righting wrongs , I gotta say !
Maybe I've been taking the wrong approach with trying to work out the odds of superheroes . Statistics are passive ! It's time for ACTION . It's time for me to START KILLING BILLIONAIRES .
It's time for me to start up charities that offer bereaved children peak physical conditioning !
It's time for me to start blowing up planets that orbit distant red suns and expose others to gamma radiation and cosmic rays , just in case !
Don't you mean expose yourself ?
Nope ! If I expose myself I might get superpowers , and would this be unable to focus on giving OTHER people superpowers .
I'm very selfless that way , Dromiceiomimus .
Some women find that sexy .
Couldn't you use your superpowers to give others superpowers more effectively though ?
Utahraptor ! I'm suprised at you !
Clearly the only ethical thing to do with superpowers is fight crime .
But the greater good could be served by granting further ?
DON'T YOU THINK SUPERMAN WOULD'VE THOUGHT OF THAT ? ? BECAUSE I KINDA THINK SUPER INTELLIGENCE WOULD THINK OF THAT .
UNLESS YOU'RE SUGGESTING SUPERMAN DIDN'T THINK OF THAT BECAUSE THE COMICS ARE WRITTEN AND ILLUSTRATED BY NON - SUPERMAN ENTITIES , IN WHICH CASE I HAVE ONE QUESTION FOR YOU , UTAHRAPTOR :
{ { in italics } } HOW WOULD THEY KNOW WHAT HE'S THINKING ? ?
" Don't change horses in mid - stream " ? Ladies and gentlemen : it's the future . We've sent ROBOT SPACESHIPS to MARS . I hate to be the one to say this , but -
Why are we still talking about horses ?
Let's fix our adages ! Let's update our language ! Let's replace " Don't change horses in mid - stream " with " Horses : who's riding them ? Nobody ? ? "
You'll have a lot of updating to do , T - Rex ! Dead horses get beaten while gift horses get looked in the mouth , which , INCIDENTALLY , is also where reliable information comes straight from !
Yeah ! Maybe you should get off your high horse before you put the cart before that same horse !
That's only like TWO examples .
" Champing at the bit " ? HORSES . " Betting on the wrong horse " ? HORSES . " Driving across town to pony up some money to a woman in ponytails " ? T - REX , 3 HORSES TEAMED UP IN THAT SENTENCE .
And I guess we DO measure the output of machines in terms of how many imaginary horses it'd take to beat them .
So what other animals are we big into ? Geese ? From " wild goose chase " ?
That's actually a METAPHORICAL goose , referring to a horse . I'm not even joking . The more you look at English , the more you realize :
It's -
It's horses all the way down .
It turns out horses aren't the only inspiration English uses for its idioms . We also use . . . doors ?
OPPORTUNITY knocks on doors , you guys !
And when Opportunity closes a door , it also opens another . Sometimes , SOMETIMES , it opens a window .
These could be classified equally well as " idioms involving abstract concepts somehow granted agency " .
Ooh ! Like when Fortune favours the bold ! Or when an ounce of Prevention is better than a pound of Cure !
. . . Gross .
Yeah , that's - that turned out gross .
Anyway ! I think all we can conclude is that folks talk about the things around them , and horses were around us for a really long time . and THAT suggests that millions of years from now , there'll be lots of aphorisms about transporters , spacebots , and cyberdroids !
AWESOME
I CAN'T WAIT
MILLIONS OF YEARS LATER :
Attention patrons :
Our paleontology exhibit closes in five minutes
You know what I miss ?
I miss the days when you could do a favour for an animal , and it would repay you with a story !
I THINK YOU MEAN YOU MISS THE FICTIONAL STORIES WHERE THAT HAPPENS
Whatever ! I love the idea of a world where good stories have such value , such POWER , that they could be offered as payment . Imagine living where good stories are currency , and so welcome that stories are listened to right away !
Wouldn't good storytellers want to help out their friends with a few stories ?
Sure !
And maybe some of these friends would write down the stories . And then set up stores to sell them . " Book " " stores " , if you will ! T - Rex : YOU ALREADY LIVE IN A WORLD WHERE STORIES HAVE VALUE . You've paid for them !
* gasp *
And if you barter with a book , you're trading a story for something - literally !
OMG I'm totally going to do that ! !
Also sorry for saying " OMG " in real life
OMG I'm reevaluating some life choices right now
The royal " we " is used by monarches , popes , and also by dinosaurs named T - Rex . THAT IS ME , BY THE WAY .
Or should I say . . . that is US ? ?
We thing this is great , Dromiceiomimus ! All our opinions sound much more important , now that they come from a grammatical PLURALITY . It's just classier to say " WE ate too much and had to go to bed early " than " I " ! We did , by the way , Dromiceiomimus . We made some mistakes at dinnertime .
We understand , T - Rex .
Oh man , you're doing the " we " thing too ? I mean , um , you babes are doing the " we " thing too ?
I think it just extends to pronouns : one of the several reasons you shouldn't call Dromiceioimimus " you babes " !
You guys think so ?
Yeah , and ALSO , we guys are worried you're going to end up sound patronizing , like you're talking to a dog . " Aren't we just the cutest little puppy ? Yes we are ! Yes we are ! "
We assure you we are not the cutest little puppy . We are the awesomest giant T - Rex ; yes we are . Yes : we are .
LATER : EVERYONE GETS TIRED OF T - REX'S " WE " AND DECIDES TO HANG OUT SOMEWHERE ELSE
A question for us ! Do we missing having friends ?
SOMETIMES we does , yes
Aw geez . Okay .
The sender of this card is REALLY SORRY .
I HEARD YOU HAVING SEX LAST NIGHT
a web card
The sender of this card wants you to know they couldn't help listening in . The sound was , like - everywhere . And the sender of this card is still thinking about it the next day , enough to send you this web card . But let's not make things " weird " , okay ? Let's ALL just get past this .
Wouldn't the very act of sending this card make things weird ?
IMPOSSIBLE
Yeah , the rules are that you pretend you didn't hear ! Then you NEVER MENTION IT AGAIN .
Maybe it keeps happening !
Maybe the sender of this card knows every time it happens because it's like a radio broadcast they can't turn off , only the radio is broadcasting moans and groans and " I'm sorry " s and " Bombs away ! " s .
. . .
UTAHRAPTOR I COULD HEAR IT AND I WASN'T EVEN IN THE SAME HOUSE AS THE SENDER OF THIS CARD
Anyway , dear loud sexin' recipient of this card ! LIKE , EVERYONE HEARD YOU
. . . Not sure what else there is to say really , check yourself before you wreck yourself
THE WORLD OF TOMORROW
We detect evidence of alien life tomorrow : a signal from a distant solar system . It starts out simple : numbers , counting , that sort of thing !
And then it starts to get more advanced , encoding mathematics !
And then : instructions for decoding images that are about to be transmitted . In a few months we go from hoping we're not alone to knowing that intelligent life is out there , and they're about to show us what they look like !
And what do they look like ?
WHO KNOWS ?
We're at the very frontier of imagination here , Dromiceiomimus ! !
Maybe they look like . . . puppies ?
Utahraptor , please ! NO WAY aliens look like puppies !
For generations we've wondered if we're alone in the universe ; today we know the answer : no . We're not alone . Life is out there , and it's puppies . Our universe is teeming with puppies .
. . .
Fine , I accept this version of events
THE END
A friend of mine has started dating a new woman ! A new woman named . . . DROMICEIOMIMUS ? ?
And she's not even the REAL Dromiceiomimus !
This friend has failed to consider that I , like all REASONABLE individuals , have only enough room in my heart and mind for ONE friend of the same name ! Dromiceiomimus , you don't know any other T - Rex , do you ? ?
Well , actually -
Exactly ! " Well , actually - I totally do not , 100 % . " Thank you !
It sounded like she was going to say she knows another T - Rex !
Ridiculous !
Okay , I'll say it : I know another T - Rex . I don't know him SUPER well , but we've been on a few dates .
NO
I've had him over for dinner a few times .
NOT ALLOWED
Once I accidentally sent you a message meant for him .
THAT DOES EXPLAIN YOUR " THANKS FOR THE MOUTH KISSES ; Y " TEXT
ACTUALLY , ONLY PARTIALLY
THE NEXT MORNING :
Holy craps my house cold . My house so cold that I forgot to say " is " in both those sentences . That cold ! !
HAVE YOU PAID YOUR HEATING BILLS T - REX
Yes !
Probably ! !
I don't get it . Hot air comes out of the heating vents but the place still stays cold . Have I a leaky , drafty house ? If so , WHY HAVE I NEVER NOTICED BEFORE NOW ?
Yeah , it was super cold last night ! Next time you should put a space heater in your room or something !
OH SNAP , THAT'S RIGHT . THEY SPENT THE NIGHT TOGETHER .
EVERYONE : BE COOL
Can you clarify how cold your house is , perhaps with a Star Wars analogy ?
Yes !
My house is like the ice planet Hoth , in that my house is a ridiculous planet with only one climactic zone on it , and that zone is " CHILLYTIMES " .
I'm sorry to hear that .
I am too . It cold .
LATER : T - REX FIXES HIS LEAKY WINDOW AND SOLVES THE PROBLEM . THE END !
PS
DROMICEIOMIMUS AND T - REX WOULD LIKE TO THANK EVERYONE FOR BEING COOL
THE NEXT MORNING :
Holy craps my house cold . My house so cold that I forgot to say " is " in both those sentences . That cold ! !
HAVE YOU PAID YOUR HEATING BILLS T - REX
Yes !
Probably ! !
I don't get it . Hot air comes out of the heating vents but the place still stays cold . Have I a leaky , drafty house ? If so , WHY HAVE I NEVER NOTICED BEFORE NOW ?
Yeah , it was super cold last night ! Next time you should put a space heater in your room or something !
OH SNAP , THAT'S RIGHT . THEY SPENT THE NIGHT TOGETHER .
EVERYONE : BE COOL
Can you clarify how cold your house is , perhaps with a Star Wars analogy ?
Yes !
My house is like the ice planet Hoth , in that my house is a ridiculous planet with only one climactic zone on it , and that zone is " CHILLYTIMES " .
I'm sorry to hear that .
I am too . It cold .
LATER : T - REX FIXES HIS LEAKY WINDOW AND SOLVES THE PROBLEM . THE END !
PS
DROMICEIOMIMUS AND T - REX WOULD LIKE TO THANK EVERYONE FOR BEING COOL
T - REX YOUR NEW NICKNAME IS GINGER PEANUT
That's not an adult's nickname ! That's what you call a little kid who investigates mysteries , only she's really just running around with a toy magnifying glass !
HAH HAH THAT'S ADORABLE
Okay , so give me a better one !
T - REX THERE ARE NO BETTER CHARACTERS THAN GINGER PEANUT
I meant a better nickname !
ONE DAY GINGER PEANUT'S DOG SPARKY GOES MISSING BUT REALLY HER DAD JUST TOOK HIM TO THE VET
GINGER PEANUT GOES ON A MYSTERY - SOLVING ADVENTURE AND AT THE END CHECKS THE LAUNDRY ROOM AND THERE IN THE HAMPER WITH A SOCK STUCK ON HIS EAR IS SPARKY
HER DAD BROUGHT HIM BACK FROM THE VET
Yeah , I got that !
Got waht ?
What God's saying !
ANOTHER TIME GINGER PEANUT SOLVES AN ACTUAL MYSTERY BY ACCIDENT AND THE MAYOR GIVES HER A BRAND NEW MAGNIFYING GLASS IN THANKS
He's talking up Ginger Peanut , Kid Detective !
Sounds adorable !
It's not as adorable as thinking up new nicknames for ME could be
T - REX GIVE ME THREE GOOD REASONS WHY I SHOULDN'T DESTROY THIS UNIVERSE IN FAVOR OF A NEW ONE FEATURING GINGER PEANUY AND SPARKY
Easy !
IN IAMBIC PENTAMETER
Well frig , THIS isn't gonna go well for Team Entire Universe !
Only chums wait for a nickname to coalesce around them naturally ! As a non - chumpified guy , I'm CHOOSING my new nickname .
And I choose . . . " The Singularity " ! !
Isn't the singularity when we invent superintelligent machines that can make even more superintelligent machines , and then everything speeds up ?
It's SO GOOD , Dromiceiomimus . Futursits obsess over when the Singularity is going to show up . Academics have CONFERENCES to discuss me and what post - Singularity life will be like ! What WILL life be like when I leave the room ? WHO KNOWS ? ?
You're an extremely disruptive , world - changing event that ends our dominance of the planet ?
That's me , baby !
Lean , mean , and dangerous to know . ALSO : superintelligent . And beyond the reach of your precious " morality " !
I'm still not calling you " The Singularity " . Instead I will grant you a better nickname , to be decided only after careful deliberation !
LATER : T - REX IS KNOWN ONLY AS " HUGGS BOSON "
Attention , everyone ! Nicknames without consent are invalid ! !
The " hugs " part works well though , I gotta admit !
It's my grandmother's birthday today ! I'M going to call her to wish her happy birthday ! I'm doing this because they don't give those " # 1 Grandson " mugs to just anybody .
THE NEXT DAY :
Frig , I forgot to call !
FFFFRRRIIII -
- IIIIG . Okay , I will call my Grandmother tonight and wish her happy birthday AND apologize for missing the right date ! I can still pull this out ! I'm not YET the worst grandson ever .
Why not call her now ?
Time zones ! So many of them !
THE NEXT DAY :
You forgot to call ! !
FFFFFFFUUUUUUUUUUUU -
- UNDAMENTALLY , I think my problem is , I remember to call her only after it's too late . What's wrong with me ?
Call her now !
There's stall all the time zones ! I'm calling her TONIGHT . I 100 % guarantee it ! !
THE NEXT DAY :
Grandma and I had a very pleasant chat ! I apologized for missing the date and told her I hope her special day was a good one . That's called " BEING AN ADULT AND OWNING UP TO YOUR FAILINGS " , SUCKERS !
Sorry I said " suckers " , grandma .
So I've been working on a little project : a secret internet diary ! And today it's finished !
Today I have fully documented ONE WEEK of my life !
Granted , it's not THAT long a period but -
HOLD ON A SECOND T - REX THIS IS CRAZY
THIS IS INCREDIBLE
NO ID YOU TAKE THE RAW CODE OF YOUR DIARY PAGE CONVERT IT TO BINARY AND PUT IT IN ONE FILE IT'S
IT'S A FULLY FUNCTIONAL NES GAME
What ? Seriously ? ! That's amazing ! !
What's amazing ? !
Utahraptor : I ACCIDENTALLY WROTE AN NES GAME IN BINARY WHILE TALKING ABOUT MYSELF . The odds of that happening are ASTRONOMICALLY small ! ! My Week must really have been something !
Holy cow ! What's the game about ? ?
I don't know ! I'm gonna go home and find out RIGHT NOW !
AT T - REX'S HOUSE :
The activities of my last week have , incredibly , resulted in an entirely average game where you're Mario , wearing a Luigi hat , pouring applesauce on little happy - faced female symbols .
Life ! It's confusing sometimes !
Let's assume the quantum mechanics many - worlds hypothesis is true , and for every decision I make , there's parallel universes where I'm making the decision differently , with every possible outcome being realized !
That's a lot of T - Rexes kicking around , cats and kittens !
But clearly , SOME of these decisions are going to be bad ones . If I'm making every possible choice , then I'm going to make mistaks so bad that they kill me .
I'd say that's fair !
Sure ! But for every one of these choices - so - bad - they're - fatal , there's another universe in which it goes differently and I live .
That's what many - worlds is all about !
But don't you see ?
Try to kill me , and a parallel me survives ! I have achieved QUANTUM IMMORTALITY , with at least one version of my consciousness surviving indefinitely . And there's a non - zero chance that I'M the immortal me !
By that same reasoning , I'm just as immortal .
It's great , isn't it ? !
Shoot me and I'll catch the bullets with my teeth , beat you up , spit the bullets on you and say " Next time , shoot me whhen I'm yawning " . And if I don't do it in our universe , it's only buecause I'm doing doing it somewhere else !
Honestly , how is low self - esteem even a thing ? ?
I am a dude who adapts himself to the people around him . If I'm with party dudes , I am more likely to want to party !
There's no shame in this , on account of how PARTYING IS AWESOME ? ?
And when a party dude hangs out with his library friends , he quiets down and finds a book to read . So obviously the friends we choose influence what we do and who we become ! And so OBVIOUSLY I want friends that are awesome , so that I can get , or at least emulate , some of their awesome qualities . I want friends who can improve who I am , as a person - and I believe I've pulled this off !
Really ? You think your friends are better than you ?
Yes . Who doesn't ?
Why would I want to hang out with chumps that are worse than me ? That sounds terrible .
But we're hanging out with you .
Sure ! But you probably find something in me that's worthwile !
Either that or you haven't realized that I'm just leeching all the awesomeness I can until you're nothing but a desiccated corpse , with all the awesomeness subsumed into ME .
Utahraptor !
Forget I said that ! !
THE STORY OF TANTALUS
So Tantalus was a Greek dude who threw a dinner party for the gods ! And he thought to himself , " I need to make sure this party goes off without a hitch . I'm going to serve the PERFECT MEAL "
Accordingly , he kills his son , chops him up , and makes him into stew !
So the gods show up and they're thinking , " This is gross . This is a stew made out of a dude . PASS . " except for one god whose daughter just go abducted so she's sad so she eats the stew ? Because she's distracted ? By sadness ? Anyway after the party Zeus decides he has the technology to rebuild stew guy , and so he orders it done , only AN ENTIRE SHOULDER is missing because it got eaten . By a god . Because she was sad .
So they get him a new shoulder made of ivory !
Yep !
And clearly , THAT SOLVES ALL THE PROBLEMS . The kid grows up to be super handsome , and to punish Tantalus for his - hosting ? - they put him in a pool of water just beneath the branches of a fruit tree . But when he tries to drink , the water moves away , and when he tries to eat , the branches move away !
Hence the origin of our word " tantalizing " for something desired but just out of reach ! THE END .
PS : This is the Actual Theology of the seminal culture of western civilization .
The population of the world in 400 BC is estimated to be 7 million people ! 7 million dudes !
Dudes ! That's not that many dudes !
For comparison , New York City is the entire population of 4000 BC all hanging out together . Last year , apple talked everyone from 4000 BC into buying at LEAST one iPad each . Twenty - four 4000 BC earths log onto Facebook EVERY DAY , and that's just a website for when you want to share all your personal information with a monolithic corporation that never forgets ! !
When you measure things in 4000 BC Earths , things get kinda crazy !
I demand further examples !
Done .
I did a search for " Lady Gaga " and it turns out we maintain a Lady Gaga webpage in memoriam of every single from 4000 BC Earth . Sorry , no , that's not right . We maintain SEVENTEEN OF THEM .
Welcome to the world of tomorrow ?
Yes , welcome , folks from 4000 BC ! Thanks for being our ancestors !
As a token of our appreciation , we've typed out the word " boner " onto the internet one time for each and every one of you . No need to thank us !
You've been dead for six thousand years !
A medical doctor is a pretty prestigious job to have ! The catch is , it takes years of work to become a doctor . Like , literal YEARS .
I do not have time for literal years !
On the flipside , digging a ditch is pretty easy , but nobody's THAT impressed when you tell them you can dig a long hole . But I think it's naive to assume that the amount of time it takes to learn a job is equivalent to the prestige it brings !
Maybe there's jobs that have more prestige than others that still take the same amount of time to learn ?
EXACTLY .
And maybe you could learn these jobs to create the world's most impressive r ? sum ? ?
Exactly ! !
By focusing only on the callings that have maximum impressiveness per second , I can build a Totally Sweet R ? sum ? in the MATHEMATICALLY MINIMUM amount of time .
I don't know where you'll get the data you need .
Hmm , I don't know , maybe . . . THE INTERNET ? ?
LATER : T - REX FAILS TO MAKE ANY PROGRESS ON HIS RESUME PROJECT
The internet didn't help me at all ! It disctracted me with pictures of cats with opinions !
N -
No regrets I guess
There's a big snowstorm coming tonight . This is so great ! By tomorrow morning , everything will be buried under snow , and society will have finally reached its snowmageddon .
It's time to start new civilizations in our living rooms , you guys !
We'll abandon the laws of man as we write new laws , awesome - centric laws that are outside society's precious " morality " and " ideas of what is the right thing to do " !
Those are the same thing , T - Rex .
Dromiceiomimus , in my NEW civilization , pointing that out will be against the law . That's PROBABLY because my new civilization is a utopia ? ?
We're only getting a few inches of snow , T - Rex ! This is not the end of civilization .
But -
We have , in fact , invented snowplows precisely to prevent a single storm from doing that .
FINE . Live in a reality with your stupid snowplows , and we'll all just forget how amazing a snow - covered world is , and the incredible possibilities the world changing overnight represents .
THE NEXT MORNING :
Man , shovelling snow is for chumps ! I truly wish I had a snowplow .
Rain is falling tonight ! THE RAIN WILL WASH AWAY OUR CIVILIZATION AND WE CAN START FRESH . YES .
This is what I've been waiting for , you guys !
T - Rex , we're only getting a centimeter of rain , easily within the abilities of our civilization to withstand . Plus , you talked about this yesterday ! You're repeating yourself .
That was with snow ! ALSO , maybe what I said yesterday was EXTREMELY AWESOME . Maybe it is worth hearing again !
Maybe hearing it once was enough !
A bold hypothetical ! !
Look , if you say once is enough and I say we should hear it a kabillion times , let's take the middle ground and I'll say it only half a kabillion times .
Ah , the fallacy of balance . You talked about THAT six years , eight days ago today .
IMPOSSIBLE
SIX YEARS , EIGHT DAYS AGO TODAY :
And THAT concludes my many opinions about the fallacy of balance !
. . .
Welp , guess I'll go help Dromiceiomimus rebuild that log cabin or whatever
GREETING T - REX IT IS I THE DEVIL - I HAVE A QUERY TO PUT TO YOU AND IT GOES THUSLY - DO YOU THINK IT'S REASONABLE FOR A COMPANY TO RELEASE A REMAKE OF A VIDEO GAME
Sure !
OH SO YOU DON ; T BELIEVE GAMES SHOULD STRIVE FOR INNOVATION
They should do that too !
AND SO YOU COME DOWN IN FAVOUR OF ENHANCED THAT TREAT THE CLASSIC ORIGINAL AS MERE INSPIRATION ADN YOU WOULD IN FACT EMBRACE EVEN CHANGES THAT ALTER THE ORGINAL'S FUNDAMENTAL MECHANICS AND APPEAL
Well , no , but -
T - REX DEBATING VIDEO GAMES IS NOT AN ISSUE THAT ADMITS SHADES OF GREY THINGS ARE EITHER TOTALLY AWESOME OR INCREDIBLY TERRIBLE
Look , I like games that are fun !
I like games that are fun , too !
NOT WHAT I ASKED
Remaking a game can't be updated AND more accessible , and changes CAN be made without changing the fundamental appeal to the game !
YOU ARE DESCRIBING A SEQUEL NOT A REMAKE T - REX ASK ME IF I EVER GET TIRED OF OF BEING RIGHT ALL THE TIME
Do you ?
I DO NOT
IT'S GREAT
YOU SHOULD TRY IT
DEVIL OUT
THE MYTH OF MEDUSA
Medusa was a lady who was super sexy ! But then she sexed up Poseidon ( God of the Sea ! ) in Athena's house and Athena go so CHEEZED that she turned Medusa's hair into snakes !
And THEN she made Medusa's face so crazy that anyone who saw it would turn to stone !
Medusa was now the greatest biological weapon on the face of the planet . Perseus was sent to slay her and claim her head , planning to use a mirrored shield so he could avoid looking at her directly . This , of course was futile ; light does not work that way , and Medusa now had a statue of a guy looking into his shield . Realizing her own power , Medusa began keeping her eyes closed , navigating by sound and touch .
That's not what happens in the story ! !
Really ? Because my version seems PRETTY LOGICAL .
No , in the real story Perseus chops Medusa's head off and she's pregnant by Poseidon so babies pop out of her neck . One is a giant with a solid gold sword and the other is Pegasus .
Oh right , that ending in way better . Her head gets chopped off and A FLYING HORSE and SWORD GIANT come out . Then end .
The way I figure , either the Greek myths were made up by a five - year - old and transcribed onto scrolls by his 30 - year - old brother , or at some point I go back in time and the Greeks are all SUPER CREDULOUS .
Either way : EVERYBODY WINS ? ?
Alright guys , I'll go right out and say it . We could all use a little SEXUAL TENSION al up ons !
" All up ons " is slang that means " around here or whatever " ! , just FYI !
And " just FYI " is slang for " just Friggin' Yell It " , which means " please excuse my minced oath , but listen to what i have said and repeat it at full volume " .
. . . Sexual tension ?
Yes ! We need some ! It's what everyone wants !
Who's everyone ?
Everyone !
When you watch TV you yell " It'd be SUPER AMAZING if the two leads were always about it kiss and then someone knocks on the door , or one of them says 'we can't' and bites their knuckle ! " That could be us !
I do often yell that at TVs .
See ? I'm wielding a truth bayonet over here !
I'm dropping truth bombs , and NOW I'm laying truth mines ! They're diabolical machines that will keep exploding truth long after our we and everyone we know is dead and gone . They're - They're just terrible .
. . .
Utahraptor I made myself sad ! !
So I'm walking down the street with Utahraptor and there's this guy walking in the opposite direction , coming towards me .
We lock eyes !
And neither of us looks away , and for some reason I think , " What's this guy's deal ? Is he . . . A JERK ? " and clearly the other guy's thinking the same thing , because he tenses some . And I see that tension and I tense up , thinking " Maybe he's going to punch me . I should get ready for that " . And he probably thinks the same thing , and I see his reactions and start to think maybe I should throw a punch first ! AND THEN , we pass each other and nothing happens .
Man , even I could detect the tension , and I only noticed him at the last second !
It was crazy !
I almost got into a fight with a COMPLETE STRANGER . We were just two incredibly intense guys !
Yeah , two incredibly intense guys a hair's breadth away from fighting for no reason .
Maybe we're mortal enemies in a past life / parallel universe / alternate timeline / deleted scene ?
Deleted scenes don't happen in real life , T - Rex .
THEN HOW DO YOU EXPLAIN ALL THE THINGS THAT ONLY I SEEM TO REMEMBER HAPPENING ? ?
Seriously I could use an explanation ; it is the worst
You know in those stories where there's this immortal guy and they talk about how bored they are and how boring life is after 5000 years or whatever ? I am going to call something .
I am going to call SHENANIGANS .
You know who writes those stories ? MORTALS . Folks using some of their PRECIOUS , FINITE LIFE to write a made - up story in which an imaginary person keeps going in about how being immortal is actually sucky and how they're totes jealous that others get to dies someday .
Ridiculous !
And kinda sad !
Dude , narrative are given meaning by their endings ! They're the most important part !
Again , ridiculous !
Superman doesn't have an ending ; he's back fighting crime every month but he's still interesting !
He died once !
Yeah , but it was STUPID , and it didn't take anyway . My point IS , if there's immortal people , they're learning all they can !
They're being amazed at the world's progression , they're sexing ip many people in series AND IN parallel ! They're not writing stories about how boring living forever is . They leave that to us 'mortalies' !
That's their racist name for us ! !
ASK PROFESSOR SCIENCE
Our first letter comes from " Chuggy G " , who writes -
Hey , it's Chuggy G ! !
We used to date !
Anyway , Chuggy G says " Dear Professor Science : why can't we get all our meals in pill form ? " . One time Chuggy G and I went to a pond to feed the ducks ; she loved doing things like that . When we got there , all the ducks were gone . I don't remember what we did after that .
Isn't that weird ? I haven't thought about that day for years .
We can't eat only pills because they don't contain the calories we need !
Yep !
Calories come from fats , proteins , carbs and boozes , and none of them compress very well . Plus eating is a primal pleasure that I'm sure many would miss . I wonder what Chuggy G is doing right now .
Plus pills don't recreate texture .
She always said she'd make it big .
LATER , AT PROFESSOR SCIENCE'S HOUSE !
Professor Science ! Can you introduce me to your friend , Professor Why Am I Suddenly So Nostalgic For Someone I Haven't Thought About In Years ? ?
It's definitely possible to get a PhD in that , yes ?
When movies were invented , people were super - excited ! For the first time , we could capture life , in real time , as it was happening .
This was a super big deal !
Even if the films were black and white , folks could see the potential . Essays were written extolling how movies with sound and colour were just around the corner , and they'd be cheap to make , and when that happened we as a species will have done something amazing : we will have CONQUERED DEATH ITSELF .
Seriously ?
You'd be able to summon up loved ones with a film projector ! How can they be dead when that survives ?
A movie isn't the same thing as a person !
You and I know that from experience !
But if you can remember how the lucky ones got a single ( very expensive ) picture taken during their lives - if that - MOTION pictures for everyone would seem pretty amazing .
I kind of wish we still had that much optimism in invention ! Nobody's saying 3d movies will conquer death .
Man , now when I see an ad for a 3D movie I'll say " we , as a species , could have spent the time and money wasted on that on conquering death " ! That's not gonna make me any more popular .
You could say it after every ad , really .
Maaaaaaaan
Spider - Man's Nasty Cake , a tale of betrayal and self - discovery , by award - winning author and thoughtsmith , T - Rex !
Wait , " thoughtsmith " has maxed - out pretentious !
Okay , it's by T - Rex , " author of award - eligible wordsmithery " .
That sounds like it's your first time speaking English , and uh , things aren't going so hot .
By T - Rex , " the owner of mind that brought you the erotica for adults with problems ? ? "
. . . Better ?
" By T - Rex , our last , best and only hope for the printed word . "
" By T - Rex , writer " ?
What about " By T - Rex , t he insatiable devourer of worlds . . of IMAGINATION ! " ?
What about you write your story and let it stand on its own merits , and worry about your blurb later ?
Utahraptor , my story is about Spider - Man eating a nasty cake . I need all the help I can get .
Spider - Man choked back another bite of the cake . He chewed , looking around the room . " So nasty . " he breathed .
On second thought , nevermind ! It turns out writing is easy ! !
Spider - Man was still eating nasty cake . " I am a character owned by another corporation , and you are not a valid licensee " he spat out , along with the cake , which he was already spitting out . It was gross and rude !
Spider - Man was being gross and rude !
Then Spider - Man " webbed " his way out of the room , leaving behind the remains of the cake and webbing , stuck to the ceiling , walls , floors and furniture . " Who's going to clean up THIS fine mess ? " asked a member of the custodial staff , and then he said " Hah hah , no , it's me ; I know it's me . " He liked his job : the satisfaction of seeing progress being made in a task was something that pleased him greatly .
Later that evening , he happily went home to his wife and children !
This doesn't seem to be going anywhere , T - Rex !
What are you talking about ? It started as SUPERHERO CULINARY , and now it's HAPPY CUSTODIAN FAMILY HOUR . Those are the two biggest genres this summer !
. . . Who told you that ?
Um , a little thing called TRENDS FORECASTING ? ?
Haha , no , it was a little thing called " write what you know " and ALL I KNOW is endless trains of thought that involve superheroes .
Oh !
And foodstuffs ! !
I joke about trends forecasting , but it's actually super interesting ! There are folks whose ENTIRE PROFESSIONAL LIVES are spent determining what stupid dress colours will be future popular . Okay , that didn't sound that interesting ; I can do better .
They're professional futurists , for a small , well - defined aspect of the future !
Large corporations will turn to these forecasters and say " what colours should we make dresses in the future " and they'll say " for a million dollars , I will tell you " and then they pay a million dollars because nobody wants to make dresses in the wrong colour ! Nobody has ever wanted that ! !
What if they're wrong ?
It's their job to not be wrong , Dromiceiomimus !
How would you tell if they're wrong anyway ?
What do you mean ?
If a trends forecaster says yellow is in , then a few years later you're gonna see a lot of yellow dresses in stores and hey presto , yellow is in .
That only works if there's a forecaster monoculture ! But I see where you're going with this , Utahraptor , and I agree :
We should all get jobs at trends companies and tell everyone that in the future , skateboarding dogs in sunglasses is THE pattern to be seen in !
I'm not -
Wait . Wait ! ! Do you want to go with " fried chicken mascot chicken eating pieces of fried chicken " instead ?
Who's been going around websites saying " You'll engage readers when you end articles with a question " ? Attention , websites that do this : I am going to say this as a friend , as a sassy friend who'll pull you aside and give you some REAL TALK .
Honey ! You look pathetic and desperate !
You're walking up to a group of strangers and saying " Hey guys , I heard there's a sweet party at my house tonight . What do you think ? Are you going to come ? Let me know in the comments ! "
That analogy kinda - fell apart at the end there .
That analogy kinda - needs to let people know that I've got some opinions !
About websites !
This is sort of a first world problem , yes ?
Yes ! Absolutely !
But once you see it you can't unsee it . It's this new form of terrible , insecure , needy writing , and yet it's suddenly EVERYWHERE .
So don't read those websites !
I'm not looking for logical solutions , Utahraptor ! I look now only for SYMPATHY RAGE .
TEN DAYS LATER :
Who's been going around saying " You'll engage readers when you end articles with ultra - res ultraporn " ? ?
. . .
Yes , the future is indeed a strange and unusual place
So it's the June 21 , 1931 and Lieutenant Hubert G . Chevis is about to dine on a meal of Manchurian partridge with his wife !
Apparently it is Old - Timey Stereotype Day for Lieutenant Hubert Chevis !
So Hubert takes a few bites and says " This is gross ; try it , it's gross " and his wife licks it and says " Yeah , gross " and so they direct their culinary staff incinerate the partridges .
Because it's Old - Timey Stereotype Day , remember ?
And within hours Hubert is dead of strychnine poisoning and his wife is super sick !
Three days later , Hubert's dad gets a telegram that reads simply " HOORAY HOORAY HOORAY " .
So Creepy !
Isn't it ? It was signed " J - HARTIGAN " , but nobody around had that name . Someone with his description HAD bought strychnine from a pharmacy a few weeks back though .
Pharmacies sold . . . poison ?
Old - Timey Stereotype Day was apparently a month - long event !
But the spookiest part ? The killer is almost certainly dead now , and that means that according to SOME theories of the afterlife , he's now a ghost committing ILLEGAL GHOST CRIMES ! !
Wait no that's the dumbest part ; frig I get those two confused like ALL THE TIME
Today is the day that I apologize to my girlfriends . To my first few girlfriends , anyway !
Pretty sure I wasn't that great a boyfriend , ladies ! !
I was new , I didn't know what I was doing , and I'd seen a lot of movies .
Ouch .
I know ! ! Whoever writes movies has clearly never been in a relationship before !
Movies . . . are actually written by many people ?
Well , someone needs to get them ALL into mature , adult relationships then ! Like , yesterday !
What'd you do that was so bad ?
So much , Utahraptor !
I thought dramatic displays were preferable to genuine feelings ; I believed stalkery behaviour was cool when it's from the person you're destined to be with . I - I woke up this morning with the regrets .
Well , you're older and wiser now .
Yeah , but I wasn't then ! !
There's like four girlfriends trapped in the past with a sucky boyfriend . we've got to go back and help them , colon close - bracket !
And FYI , I'm experimenting with emoticons in oral media , not with naming parts of my digestive tract .
. . . That's a good idea too though
Okay , so there's those scam messages where someone has millions of illegal dollars , and they need your help to get them out of the country , and in return they'll give you a generous percentage !
But they need some money upfront , right ?
And then you send them that money because you want all that illegal money , but none ever arrives because it's fake . Whoopsie !
The fact that this scam continues to work kinda paints a pretty irrefutably dim picture of our basic nature ! Appeal to greed and you'll always have takers , regardless of right and wrong . Go us ?
It's not all that bad , T - Rex !
Prove me wrong !
Easy !
What about the scam where someone hacks someone's email to send " Help I'm overseas and got robbed and need flight home money , wire it please " messages ? There we're motivated only by altruism !
Hooray , the two scams cancel each other out !
DO YOU REALIZE THAT IS A DUNGEONS AND DRAGONS REFERENCE YOU JUST MADE
Um -
GARY GYGAX PIONEERED THAT ALIGNMENT SYSTE
T - REX
NEVE HAVE YOUR USELESS COMPLAINTS ABOUT BASIC NATURE BLISSED ME OUT SO MUCH
God , do you like poutine ?
MAN DOES P EQUAL NP
. . . Um . Maybe ?
It's kinda the greatest unsolved problem in computer science !
If P equals NP then a whole class of problems are easily solvable ! But we've been trying to efficiently solve these problems for years , and so far : NO DICE . But if P doesn't equal NP , why haven't we been able to prove it ?
So are you saying " Probably I hate poutine , but it's really hard to prove " ? Or - or are you more saying " If I like poutine , then all public - key crypto is insecure " ?
So who likes poutine ?
God ! POSSIBLY . And the problem is , um , equivalent to the P = NP problem .
Ah . So the Clay Mathematics Institute has a $ 1 , 000 , 000 prize for the first correct solution to the question " Does God like poutine ? "
Yes . As the two problems are equivalent , this is no the world we live in . " Does God like poutine " is the most important open question in computer science today .
Doctor Professor Stephen Cook first pondered whether God likes poutine in 1971 ; his seminal paper on the subject has made him one of the forefathers of computational complexity theory / God poutine .
. . . Actually that's awesome ; I'm glad we live in this wicked sweet world ! !
I have been investigating the ENGLISH LANGUAGE ITSELF , and it turns out it is horses all the way down . Quick , God , give me a word !
FRONTRUNNER
A metaphor from horse racing ! That was too easy !
WHAT ABOUT THE WORD HACK
Ah , an untalented person ! It originally meant " someone doing ordinary work " , which itself came from the 13th century " hackney " , which was , YOU GUESSED IT , an ordinary horse .
" Tacky " ?
It comes from the noun " tackey " , which meant a sucky horse ! And may I just say : it's SO GREAT that you guys are picking the horse words I know here .
What about " hobby " ?
Originally it meant " a small horse " !
And it's from toy " hobby " horses that we got the modern sense of " something fun you do in your spare time " .
T - Rex , you've learnt a lot of horse origins , but I feel the time has come to completely and irrevoc - ably blow your mind . If you'll allow me . . . ?
Please !
A British military officer's servant was called this , which originally meant " a man in charge of a horse and its load " .
" Dr . Horseload " ?
The word , my friend , is " batman " . THE WORD " BATMAN " ITSELF COMES FROM HORSES .
WHATTT
YOUR LIFE WILL DEFINITELY BE BETTER FOR READING THIS
a choose - your - own - adventure comic
It's a beautiful day ! If it is not a beautiful day , wait til tomorrow and then read this panel again . If it's now a beautiful day , turn to panel 2 !
It is definitely a beautiful day ! Hooray ! !
Panel 3 time , baby !
Alright . Today you're going to solve all the problems ; you're going to make all the good decisions . Your life is going to improve , and it's going to be GREAT . You're going to be perfect FOREVER .
Okay when you've done that turn to panel 4 !
You've changed your life significantly ! Man , way to go !
We'll always remember today !
Panel 5 time !
Wait a minute . WAIT JUST A MINUTE . If you're just reading ahead to get to the good ending , then you are cheating and need to go to back to panel 3 , but this time replace " going to " with " ( as punish - ment ) not going to " .
If you've done that already and ended up here again : I hope you have learnt your lesson .
This is panel six , and you only get here by cheating too ! NONE OF THE OTHER PANELS TOLD YOU TO GET HERE . Lucky for you , this is the ultra great ending !
You're sexy and other people like you !
Thanks for going on this amazing adventure !
Dromiceiomimus , we're going to do something really nice for Utahraptor . It'll bring you and I closer together because we'll have a project , and it'll make him like us more too ! And I've got the GREATEST PRESENT IDEA EVER IN TIME .
LATER :
There ! Utahraptor's SOLID GOLD CAR is complete !
And even though it's made of solid gold , the engine still works ! That's possible , right ?
I think it might be impossible actually ; gold's really soft , right ? And a combustion engine is a series of explosions .
But it's still metal , maybe if we had enough of gold it would be strong enough . . .
. . . Does it work that way ?
Hi T - Rex ! What's up ?
Utahraptor , does it count if a dude has REALLY GOOD INTENT - IONS ?
But then he never follows through , because things are confusing ?
A little , I guess ! If we're ranking dudes , dude with good intentions IS higher than dude without any intentions .
Sweet large !
Right . But they're both beneath dude with even un - intentional followthrough .
T - REX ASK HIM WHERE THE DUDE WHO CAN HAVE THREE PANELS OF FANTASY IN THE SPACE OF A SINGLE SENTENCE RATES
What's a " panel " ?
LISTEN
I DON'T KNOW AND NEITHER SHOULD YOU
I am going to tell you a story , and it stars an old man whose name I don't know . He went into a diner , ordered some fries with gravy from the only person working there , paid for them , and sat down ! Soon she brought the fries and gravy to his table !
This story gets better soon , I promise !
So the fries are there , drenched in gravy , and this guy has to be at least 85 years old . He looks around his table and it hasn't been set properly , so there's no utensils , no napkins . He starts eating with his hands and despite his best efforts , the gravy's getting everywhere . His hands are soaked in it . It's running down his wrists , and that's got to feel gross .
Then what happens ?
Well , he finishes his meal !
And he walks up to the cashier and shows her his hands , saying things like " look at me " and " this was a horrible thing to do " . She says " Oh my God , if I'd know I'd have brought you a fork " and he says " it's too late now " and leaves the restaurant .
And then ?
That's the end of the story , Utahraptor !
I call this story , " Good Lord , I Hope I Never Get Old " .
: (
T - REX DO YOU WANT TO KNOW THE MOST POPULAR WORDS IN THE ENGLISH LANGUAGE
Sure do ! !
IN NO PARTICULAR ORDER
THE OF A TO AND IS IN
That , my friend , is a colossally disappointing list !
We need to start talking about more interesting things ! Screw that : we need to start DOING more interesting things . Imagine a world where the most popular word is " explosiontastic " , because the most popular things ARE explosiontastic ! Now , think of a reason why you wouldn't want to live in that world .
OH SNAP .
I CAN'T THINK OF A REASON AGAINST LIVING THERE EITHER .
The most popular words are mostly particles though ! " To " , " the " , those sorts of things .
Sure !
But they're BORING particles . Heck , I just made it up , so maybe " explosiontastic " is a particle too ! " I went to THE mall " makes me sleepy . " I went to EXPLOSIONTASTIC mall " makes me want to tag along ! Let's see what happens , you know ? Maybe explos - ions ?
Maybe explos - ions will happen ?
Maybe I spend so much time thinking about language that it damages my friendships with others ? ?
I've written the best book ever for reals this time , and I know this for certain because it's got a title NOBODY can resist .
HOW TO BUILD A TIME MACHING even if you're a TEEN
It's not actually about building a time machine , though , even if you're teens . It's a collection of original short fiction where all the stories have this same dog that keeps showing up in the background ! That title tested better with teens is all .
So what were you going to call it originally ?
let me be the first to say sheeeeeeeesh what is that dog's DEAL
a super excellent purchase !
Aw , I like how you were gonna put me on the cover !
Yeah , I figured maybe pals are in this season ? But if both those covers fail I've got Fallback Plan Omega , which involves 100 % GUARANTEED sales .
What If Everybody Else Was Faking Happiness Too ? It Would Be Impossible To Tell .
Wait , no , that's super depressing . Listen , does ANYONE know how to delete words on a computer where the backspace key is FRIGGIN' BROKEN ? ?
Any creative work is a collaboration between the capital - a Author and Reader . All are dead and lifeless until they're experienced and interpreted by someone !
That someone is me , baby !
And if I'm an adult and I re - read a book I loved as a child , I'll get different things out of it when I read it again as an old man . Even if I'm the author of the text , my reactions to it will be different ! I know this because I remember my high school essays were AMAZING , but when I read them now , SOMEHOW , they're pages and pages of ultimate embarrassment .
Shakespeare needs tons of notes to be readable today !
Exactly !
So we agree that even with an identical text , the meaning of a work is constructed by the Reader , and that meaning changes with time as the readers themselves change . And this applies to books , movies , games , paintings : anything creative !
Sure . We are agreed ! So what's your point ?
My point ? Utahraptor , if we wait till we're old to experience all the creative works we want to , we're doomed . We simply won't get the same enjoyment than we'd get now ! Put simply , Utahraptor , my point is this :
Wanna take the day off and play video games ?
In French , each noun is either a boy or a girl , which means you've got a 50 % chance of making a mistake that does not impact the ACTUAL meaning of your sentence , but which still makes you wrong . This is how French says " screw you " to every student of the language .
That's right ! I've finally confirmed what we've all suspected !
And French isn't the only dick here : most Indo - European languages have gendered nouns too . We don't have infinite space in our brains , and speakers of these languages are forced to use up precious neurons remembering whether the moon - THE MOON , ladies and gentlemen - is a boy or a girl . SPOILER ALERT : it's a dude to the Polish and a chick to the French . Woo hoo . Hey , hope you didn't need to remember where you put your keys !
Did someone just fail a French test ?
If you're asking if I failed to care about imaginary moon sex organs , then YES .
Man , why don't we give everything a sexual orientation too while we're at it ? From now on , the moon is gay ! The Earth is heteroflexible , and the moon : 100 % SUPER HOMOSEXUAL .
So it's a lesbian to the French and a gay dude to the Polish ?
YES . THIS IS WHAT WILL MAKE SENSE TO THEM
Attention , world ! This started out as sarcasm but now I'm honestly 100 % behind the idea of a gay French moon !
To be honest , I HAVE ALWAYS HAD MY SUSPICIONS .
UPSIDES TO GENDERED NOUNS
There are probably some , right ? Right ?
There are probably some is my working theory .
SEX IS ALL AROUND YOU !
But not in a sexy way ! In the imaginary , NON - sexy way .
LANGUAGE ISN'T JUST ABOUT COMMUNICATING EFFICIENTLY , AND GENDERED NOUNS CAN ADD COLOUR AND DEPTH TO THE WORLD .
Maybe if you're writing poetry , you could write a poem with only female nouns and then one with only male nouns , and that could be something , right ? That could be something .
I can imagine that one day there could be a person who would read that .
GENDERED NOUNS ANTHROPOMORPHIZE .
This one I'm actually in favour of !
I know , right ?
It's like you never grew up , and somehow everything around you still has this secret little life . Of COURSE my table is a woman ! That's what she identifies as whenever I'm not home and all my furniture comes alive .
Adorable ! ! And night - marish if it ever actually happens !
If that ever actually happns I will be flipping the heck out !
T - REX IT'S TIME TO SET YOU STRAIGHT ABOUT HOW GENDERED NOUNS ARE GOOD
I think it's not ! I think it's time for us to eat ALL - YOU - CAN - EAT CHICKEN WINGS .
YOU KNOW WHAT
OKAY
Later :
I cleaned the chicken sauce off my face really well !
And while doing so I totally looked into gendered nouns ! IT TURNS OUT , if you ask people who know both English and German to list the first three adjectives that come to mind when they read the English word " bridge " , they'll say things like " beautiful " , " slender " and " fragile " , and when you ask English / Spanish speakers , they'll come up with words like " big " , " strong " , and " dangerous " . And GUESS WHAT ?
Bridges are women in German and men in Spanish !
Exactly ! ! Isn't that insane ? ?
The imaginary genders we assign to words colour our perception of them , apparently overloading them with all SORTS of sublimated sexual stereo - types ! " Dangerous " ? " Fragile " ? Are all German women ready at any moment to shatter into a gorgeous explosion of beauty ? Are Spanish men all action heroes with nothing left to lose ? ?
And if so , where do I meet them , because it sounds like they might be fun to pal around with ?
T - REX IT'S TIME TO SET YOU STRAIGHT ABOUT HOW GENDERED NOUNS ARE GOOD
I think it's not ! I think it's time for us to eat ALL - YOU - CAN - EAT CHICKEN WINGS .
YOU KNOW WHAT
OKAY
Later :
I cleaned the chicken sauce off my face really well !
And while doing so I totally looked into gendered nouns ! IT TURNS OUT , if you ask people who know both English and German to list the first three adjectives that come to mind when they read the English word " bridge " , they'll say things like " beautiful " , " slender " and " fragile " , and when you ask English / Spanish speakers , they'll come up with words like " big " , " strong " , and " dangerous " . And GUESS WHAT ?
Bridges are women in German and men in Spanish !
Exactly ! ! Isn't that insane ? ?
The imaginary genders we assign to words colour our perception of them , apparently overloading them with all SORTS of sublimated sexual stereo - types ! " Dangerous " ? " Fragile " ? Are all German women ready at any moment to shatter into a gorgeous explosion of beauty ? Are Spanish men all action heroes with nothing left to lose ? ?
And if so , where do I meet them , because it sounds like they might be fun to pal around with ?
I am T - Rex . . .
. . . and this is my creation myth !
Once upon a time there were a bunch of dudes but none of them were me , T - Rex . Then one guy who was really great said " I will create a dude who is even greater than I am " and everyone else said " No way , that'd be awesome " and he said " Should I do it ? I'm gonna do it . . . . Should I do it ? " and then he did and the result was me , T - Rex !
You Finally came up with your personal creation myth , huh ?
Sure did !
It's not bad , except for the fact that the story is really about the other guy who made you . He sounds neat ! You keep stressing you're more awesome , but I'm still big into knowing what this other guy's deal was .
He's nobody ! I'm better ! It says so right in the title :
" How T - Rex , The Best Guy Ever , Got Invented ; Also He's Handsom " !
Subtitled " Are You Doing Anything Tonight ? Me , Oh , I'm Just Writing Fanfiction About Myself So , Um , I'm Pretty Much Free "
* sigh *
I am T - Rex . . .
. . . and this is my creation myth !
Once upon a time there were a bunch of dudes but none of them were me , T - Rex . Then one guy who was really great said " I will create a dude who is even greater than I am " and everyone else said " No way , that'd be awesome " and he said " Should I do it ? I'm gonna do it . . . . Should I do it ? " and then he did and the result was me , T - Rex !
You finally came up with your personal creation myth , huh ?
Sure did !
It's not bad , except for the fact that the story is really about the other guy who made you . He sounds neat ! You keep stressing you're more awesome , but I'm still big into knowing what this other guy's deal was .
He's nobody ! I'm better ! It says so right in the title :
" How T - Rex , The Best Guy Ever , Got Invented ; Also He's Handsome " !
Subtitled " Are You Doing Anything Tonight ? Me , Oh , I'm Just Writing Fanfiction About Myself So , Um , I'm Pretty Much Free "
* sigh *
Lucid dreams are dreams where you know you're dreaming ! They can be dreams in which you have more control , where you can sometimes even consciously decide what happens next !
They sound like MAYBE the most entertaining dreams ever ?
And this is why I have abandoned my research into holodecks and am going to spend all my time working on lucid dreaming instead .
You were working on holodecks ?
Well , I drew up a picture where there's an arrow pointing to a room , and then it says 'holodeck' on the arrow , so - yes ?
Research ? That is ARTS and / or CRAFTS .
Hello ? ! Obviously I found a way to combing all three !
If you're serious about this , T - Rex , then listen very closely : I need you to start checking your watch twice . It's nothing when you're awake , but in dreams , the numbers will usually be wildly different the second time . It only works with digital watches , but it may be the ONLY clue that you're dreaming . Remember , T - Rex ! CHECK YOU WATCH TWI -
I just had the craziest dream ! It was about . . . watches ? Anyway , I guess it wasn't important .
Hah hah
Dreams are crazy
With the right clothes , you can dress up fancy ; you can look both super attractive AND ultimate sexy .
Hello ? Why aren't we wearing these clothes all the time ? ?
For one , they're expensive ! And even if you get a deal , clothes that work perfectly on you are more rare than clothes that look just kinda okay , and there's only so many hours in a day to look at and think about clothes .
I supp -
Also , some clothes that make you look awesome are uncomfortable , so you wouldn't want to wear them all the time !
Plus , if we dressed up fancy all the time , what would we do for special occasions ?
Fancy moust -
And finally , this whole discussion is ridiculous because some folks DO dress up fancy all the time . You know what we call them ? WELL - DRESSED .
I call them " hey there hot st -
And variety is important too : well - dressed folks are helped by the casual dress standard .
Frig , my friends spoke the whole time ! They talked all over me and didn't let me speak at all !
Huh !
So THAT'S what that feels like
ooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooossssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssoss ! Gross .
T - REX HAS JUST FOUND SOME ROTTEN FOOD IN HIS FRIDGE COMICS
Gross !
As I'm attempting to convey , Dromiceiomimus , it was awfully gross ! Why can't food get more delicious as it gets older ? Why does everything have to turn to a brown mush whenever I forget about it ?
Because of the second law of thermodynamics ?
There isn't first , second , third OR zeroth law of thermodynamics that I haven't broken !
I find that literally impossible to believe !
My friend : allow me to prove it to you !
LATER :
T - Rex , you've proven nothing . All we've done is tour around the places you used to hang out as a kid .
I'm sorry for the deception , but my tour sounds way boring before you actually go on it !
It WAS a great way to get to know you better !
T - REX AND UTAHRAPTOR REMAINED GOOD FRIENDS
T - REX'S FRIDGE GOT GROSSER AND EVENTUALLY HE THREW IT OUT AND BOUGHT A NEW ONE
IT WAS A TERRIBLE THING TO DO
THE END
Okay , NEW RULE : if you do something knowing it's a dick move , but that you'll EVENTUALLY be forgiven by the person you're being a jerk to , then you have voluntarily given up your chance at forgiveness !
Yes it is definitely a great idea to live by harsh and unbending rulesets !
And THIS rule fixes the thing where folks expect forgiveness , so they act like it's guaranteed . Because even if you trip me on purpose , knowing that I'm not gonna hold it against you for THE REST OF YOUR LIFE , that doesn't mean you should do it anyway !
Have you - been tripped lately , T - Rex ?
No , but if it happens I've already got my opinions totes prepared !
So then don't forgive people you don't trust !
That's jerky too !
I want to be able to forgive a complete stranger , but I don't want to be taken advantage of either .
Well , there's always the risk you'll forgive someone who doesn't deserve it . Your new rule only works if you can read people's minds .
Hey ! I bet GOD could give me that abili -
LET ME STOP YOU RIGHT THERE T - REX AND TELL YOU THAT YOU HAVE NO IDEA HOW BORING OTHER PEOPLE'S SEX FANTASIES ARE
So you're not gonna let me read minds ?
WAIT IS THAT WHAT YOU WERE GONNA ASK
WHOAH
I WAS JUST STARTING A CONVERSATION
Check out my new alternate history story : it's the 1920s , and flappers are super sexy , obvs ! But then the great depression happens and their ready - to - party - on - a - boat personalities and hedonistic YET SEXY lifestyles could not survive .
I'm kidding ! We double checked and it turns out THE GREAT DEPRESSION NEVER HAPPENED .
And clearly nothing else ever stops the flappers either ! So there's themed flappers for each decade afterwards , even buttoned - down fifties flappers in cat's - meow housework dresses . And modern day flappers are like regular well - dressed ladies , only instead of saying " that's ridiculous ! " they say " aw , applesauce ! " ALL THE TIME .
And then you go on a date with one ?
Wh - How did you know ?
This isn't alternate history , T - Rex ! This is alternate history EROTICA .
Whoah , whoah !
You don't know it's explicit ! Maybe it's alternate history ROMANCE , and I'm a dark and brooding doctor and she's Nurse Flapper of the S . S . Bedroom Surrender , where the seas AND the bosoms heave alike ? ?
First , you are dating a mammal which is concerning and second , SERIOUS authors don't use themselves as characters !
Hello ? Shakespeare INVENTED that ! Or have you forgotten how " Hamlet " stands for " H . A . M . L . E . T . 's Actually Me ; Lshak Espeare Thrustbottoms " ?
Perhaps you've ALSO simultaneously forgotten how we all agreed to change his name to Shakespeare to make it less super dumb ? ?
The most frequent question sex advice columnists get asked is " How do I set up a threesome ? " You have to risk the embarrassment and just ask : the worst they can say is " no " ! And then they can get really freaked out and not want to be your friend anymore .
It can get pretty bad and embarrassing , I gotta say !
But it's a risk you've got to take , as there exists , unfortunately , no secret word for sexy times .
What are you talking about ? Yes there is . Nobody told you ?
What ?
Oh my god . Forget I said anything .
Holy crap . There IS a way to ask for threesomes and not risk anything ?
No , no !
There totally isn't . If there WAS such a secret word , then everyone would be having some really fun and satisfying weekends !
How was your weekend , Utahraptor ?
Oh , really fun and sa - um , I mean . . . " boring " ?
Boring is a thing weekends used to be , right ?
* pop *
Utahraptor if you heard that it was the sound of my brain exploding at the thought of a lifetime of missed sexy opportunities
This is where my story ends
One job I'd love to have AND that I just realized you can get by simply declaring yourself open for business is sex advice columnist . And guess what ?
I'm now a sex advice columnist , baby !
Dromiceiomimus , do you have any sex - related questions that you'd like me to answer in my column , " Oh My God , How Could You Not Figure This Out On Your Own ? "
Not if it's called that !
What if I called it " Cloacademia ! ( The Cloaca Being Our Single Opening Where The Waste Goes Out And The Sex Goes In ) ? "
" Cloacapella " ?
T - Rex , how do you let a partner know that they're bad at sex , and second , how do I know that I'm not bad at it ?
Oh boy ! !
Gentle " me - statements " hints ( " I like it when you do this " ) can help someone figure out what works for you ! And if you and your consenting partner ( s ) are enjoying themselves , then congrats , you're good at sex . Don't overthink it !
That was - actually a really good answer !
I know , right ? I thought I was gonna answer questions with " Did you know that exes is 'sexy' spelled backwards AND INCORRECTLY ? "
No real reason ; I've just been looking for a chance to work that in for a while
Once upon a time , there was a young woman called Little Red Riding Hood ! Her parents , who were grown adults , named her after the clothes they bought for her .
THE STORY OF LITTLE RED RIDING HOOD
as told in the 14th century
Red is on her way to visit her grandmother , who lives in the woods . She meets a wolf and tells him where she's going , so Wolf gets there before her and murders the grandmother . Then he DRESSES UP IN HER CLOTHES while BOTTLING HER BLOOD AND CHOPPING UP HER FLESH . Then he gets into her bed .
I - I don't know why .
This is a story for children , I dunno .
And then Red shows up ?
That's still the same , yeah !
Only now Wolf tells Red to eat , so she unknowingly CANNIBALIZES HER OWN GRANDMOTHER . Then either wolf eats Red , THE END , or convinces her to burn her clothes ( WHAT ) and get into bed with her " grandmother " ( WHAT ) at which point Red saves herself by saying she needs to poo and doesn't want to poo in the bed ( WHATTTT )
Red runs back to home naked and has learnt a valuable lesson : don't talk to strangers !
She later reflects , wistfully , that the lesson could've easily been conveyed without murder , cannibalism , and zoophilia , but OH WELL !
Once upon a time there was a woman called Sleeping Beauty ! Her parents named her after a specific state that she was only in sometimes . It was weird .
SLEEPING BEAUTY : the 17th century version
Sleepytimes gets her Machine of Death reading and it says she'll be done in by flax !
Dad tries to keep her from flax , but years later , wouldn't you know it , she messes with some flax and gets a splinter and collapses . And Dad doesn't want to bury her so instead he abandons his house with her in it ! Only , she's not dead : she's SLEEPING . Like in her name ?
This doesn't occur to anyone though .
I dunno why , it's kinda obvious
And then a king stops by the house and finds her there unconscious !
INDEED .
And then he sexually assaults her , and then she gives birth to twins .
This story is moronic .
And the twins suck the splinter out and she wakes up and . . . falls in love with her attacker ?
Somehow it got even more moronic !
The moral of the story is then explicitly stated to be " LUCKY PEOPLE ARE LUCKY , EVEN WHEN THEY'RE SLEEPING ! "
Holy crap , we're now at HITHERTO - UNCHARTED levels of moronic !
I can't believe we're all descended from 17th century people ; how embarrassing !
T - REX YOU'RE SO DOWN ON THESE OLD FAIRY TALES WHY DON'T YOU TRY WRITING ONE
The ability to create is not necessary to have the ability to criticize but NEVERTHELESS : challenge accepted !
Check it : once upon a time there was a beautiful little prince !
He was actually a girl in a boy's body though , which gave him SUPER POWERS . For example , when the other princes said that playing with dolls was dumb , he could play with dolls if he wanted to !
. . . Wait . He rejects the cissexual dichotomy but still subscribes to traditional play gender roles ?
Dromiceiomimus .
He's only six .
So what happens ? Where's the conflict ?
An EVIL FAIRY WIZARD !
Fairy turns all his friends into turnips , so out prince learns to travel back in time and turns the wizard into a turnip before the story starts ! And then the story starts again , but this time , his friends pull out forks and say " Who wants TURNIPS ? ? "
Ah .
Was that like " Ah , that's amazing " or was it more " Ah , my friend has messed up and created something terrible . I need to let him know this without hurting his feelings - or do I ? Could it be best to let him make his own mistakes ? "
Because if its the former then may I just say : AWESOME
PROBLEMS THAT CAN ONLY BE BLAMED ON HETEROSEXUAL COUPLES :
Global overpopulation !
Also global underpopulation , and also global just right population . Basically anything to do with population : BALL'S IN THEIR COURT .
Also anything to do with heredity : their fault .
Yep ! And anything to do with babies and ESPECIALLY the one that barfed on me .
PROBLEMS THAT CAN ONLY BE BLAMED ON HOMOSEXUAL COUPLES :
Um . . .
NOT ENOUGH GAY SEXING
THE END
PROBLEMS THAT CAN ONLY BE BLAMED ON MONOGAMOUS COUPLES :
Cheating on your sweetie !
Actually , T - Rex , non - monogamy doesn't automatically mean " now you can have sex with everyone without consequences " , it usually means " I'm not going to demand exclusivity of you , but we still need communication and trust , and , as in any relationship , I can be hurt " . You can still cheat . We talked about this .
Oh YEAH
PROBLEMS THAT CAN ONLY BE BLAMED ON NON - MONOGAMOUS RELATIONSHIPS :
Monogamous folks questioning what had before been the default assumption of exclusivity !
Difficulty in finding monogamous partners , if everyone else wants piece ( s ) on the side ( s ) ?
Too many sexy times with too many sexy people ! !
That is a problem I have never experienced but which I must believe exists . I CHOOSE to live in a world where this could one day be my problem !
I CHOOSE to live in a world where one day all this sex could stress me out , seriously interfering with my work and productivity
" T - REX AND DROMICEIOMIMUS " starring t - rex and dromiceiomimus
WHY WON'T THIS COMPUTER DO WHAT I WANT IT TO ; I PAID ACTUAL MONEY FOR THIS COMPUTER
DOES IT NOT REALIZE IT BELONGS TO ME
T - REX YOU'RE SHOUTING
UM I'M SHOUTING BECAUSE I'M MAD AT MY COMPUTER
I THOUGHT THAT WAS PRETTY CLEAR
WHY ARE YOU MAD AT YOUR COMPUTER , T - REX
WHENEVER I TRY TO DO STUFF IT'S LIKE " ID RATHER REBOOT INSTEAD ; THAT'S COOL RIGHT ? ? "
IT'S NOT COOL
GOOD TO SEE YOU AS ALWAYS , T - REX
YOU TOO , DROMICEIOMIMUS
" T - REX AND UTAHRAPTOR " starring t - rex and utahraptor
UTAHRAPTOR I SHOUTED FOR TOO LONG AND NOW I CAN'T STOP
THAT'S NOT A REAL PROBLEM
. . .
IT IS FOR ME
THE END
There's some things I do that nobody else does . Maybe I decorate my room in a particular way ! You can put a LOT of things in a room ; it seems reasonable we'd all decorate it slightly differently !
And even if some folks decorate the same , they'd still do other things differently !
Just expand the reasoning out to the things I buy , the way I talk and write - they all add up to a unique set of artifacts generated by ME .
Sure !
And many of these things : photos of my rooms , my fancy hates , my excellent emails that I'm sure you're all archiving - all could last long after I die !
So what ? You leave behind a bunch of stuff .
Not just stuff : UNIQUE stuff !
And if there's a one - to - one link between the stuff I leave behind and the person I was , can't we imagine a future in which science can be used to follow these links . . . backwards ?
You want the future to rebuild you based on your stuff ?
Not stuff ! HISTORICAL ARTIFACTS .
All of which point to a particular person . I mean , I'd then like them to invent time travel and send Future Regenerated Me back in time to me so that we can pal around , but one step at a time , you know ? I can wait !
The future's got all the time in the world !
" Things I could've done by now if I'd dedicated more time towards them " , a list by me , T - Rex .
Ahem .
I could've started a family or three , either in series OR in parallel !
I could've travelled the world ! I could've become good if not great at any number of instruments , painted beautiful things , entered the space program , learned new languages , advanced our knowledge of the universe , or embarked on ANY NUMBER of different careers !
Wow !
I honestly did not expect the list to be this depressing !
But there's always gonna be more things you could've done than things you did ! You're comparing many to one !
That's not a fair comparison , T - Rex .
Holy crap , you're right ! So what you're saying is . . . the sum of mes across the multiverse will always be more awesome than in one individual timeline ? ?
Right ! You all add up to a pretty great guy .

So what you're saying is . . . the other mes across the multiverse are DRAGGING DOWN THE FRIGGIN' AVERAGE ? ? Man ! Sometimes I wonder why I even bothered inventing jetpacks so that we can hunt humans from jetpacks !
Also , the humans get jetpacks .
Shakespeare wrote in rhyming couplets and it was great / I bet I could do the same and not desecrate !
( His memory )
WHOAH T - REX THAT RHYME WAS TERRIBLE
What ? Says who ? ?
SAYS ME GOD WAIT HOLD ON A SECOND SHAKESPEARE IS HERE AND HE HAS SOMETHING TO SAY ONE SEC I'LL PUT HIM ON
HELLO THIS IS SHAKESPEARE AND WOW THAT RHYME WAS REALLY BAD
That's not him ! He'd say " Forsooth " !
UM
FORSOOTH ALACK YONDER MAIDENS
God ! Did you PRETEND to be Shakespeare ?
POSSIBLY
" Possibly " ! !
Possibly ?
God said that Shakespeare hated my sweet rhymes , and to prove it he pretended to be Shakespeare !
Well if he can do anything , that'd necessarily include " Shakespeare impersonations " .
But ALSO " Shakespeare impersonations that don't my me mad " ; why didn't he do that one ?
UM T - REX IT'S ME SHAKESPEARE AND MAY I JUST SAY YOUR RHYME IS WAY BETTER THAN ANYTHING I EVER DID WRITE
Okay
. . . That makes sense
The future !
It's what happens after we're not around anymore .
And we don't know what it's going to be like , so why not hedge our bets ?
Live as if things are going to be great forever !
But plant artificats as if everything's going to end tomorrow !
Because thousands of years after our civilization collapses , survivors might take refuge in a cave and begin exploring .
And there , seemingly abandoned , they find something we left behind !
Something AMAZING .
Something that'll make them wonder and fear the power of the ancients !
What is it ?
That's exactly what we get to decide !
It'd have to withstand years of neglect !
Yes !
And not give up its mysteries easily , either !
Yeah , we want something to suggest power , grandeur , and nobility - even if it's a nobility we never quite reached .
Something to tell everyone that right here , but in another time , we - all of us - were great .
Oh my god , YES .
Let's do it !
Let's make sure the future remembers us as ASTOUNDING .
LATER : T - REX AND UTAHRAPORT JUST BURY FAKE STONE SKELETONS IN THE GROUND
I always thought our skeletons looked pretty neat
French has problems , English has problems .
CHINESE HAS PROBLEMS
Hindi : problems !
Perhaps . . . ALL the languages have problems ? ?
MAYBE it's time for us to start from scratch and DESIGN a better language ? A language without any problems , a language where everything is logical , predictable , culturally - neutral and so easy to learn that we all basically already know it ?
Artificial languages have been tried before , T - Rex !
Hello ? !
Not by me !
So what'll make your artificial language different from , say , Esperanto ?
It'll be UNAMBIGUOUS .
Right . So what makes it different from Lojban then ? Every sentence there has only one meaning , and they wrote software to prove their grammar rules unambiguous .
Okay that's awesome . But my language can still be awesome too ! I'll just go in a different direction .
HMM . . .
LATER : T - REX INVENTS A LANGUAGE WHERE ALL MEANING IS ENCODED IN INTONATIONS OF " SEXUAL MATURITY HAS NOT BEEN A WALK IN THE PARK FOR ME , LADIES "
Sexual maturity HAS NOT been a walk in the park for ME , ladies ! !
( That means " Free time : maybe I've too much of it ? " )
In English , we can't talk about an event without revealing when it took place ! When I say " Bro , I ate all the chocolates " , the bro knows it happened in the past .
There's no way to express " eating " without revealing to the bros when it went down !
But in American Sign Language , I COULD talk about eating without saying when . And if I was speaking Russian , I'd have to include both when the eating happened AND if there were still chocolates left afterwards ! Russians speakers want to know if there's any chocolates left for them SO BADLY that they make it obligatory when expressing a thought . Dromiceiomimus : Russian speakers : MAYBE the best ? ?
In Turkish , you have to say whether you saw an event or just heard about it later !
HOLY CRAP . Amazing !
Okay ! In my constructed language , you now have to encode both how happy you hoped the event would make you AND how happy it actually did ! Just as English foregrounds when things happen , mine will foreground all the little disappointments in life , the countless daily letdowns of reality failing to live up to our expectations !
WAIT NEVERMIND THAT'S AWFUL
SO HEY T - REX YOU'VE INVENTED TWO LANGUAGES IN AS MANY DAYS
I know ! Sometimes I worry my brilliance is a curse !
But then I remember that actually no , it's super great !
MAYBE YOU SHOULD FOCUS ON GETTING SPEAKERS OF THESE LANGUAGES THOUGH
Dromiceiomimus , will you learn my new languages ? One makes you say the same sentence in different ways and the other's where you always have to talk about feelings .
I'll stick with Dinosaurese , thanks !
That's not a real thing
Utahraptor , you'll speak my languages , right ?
Man , they're all variants on English !
No , they're ORIGINAL languages copyright ME that are merely INSPIRED by Englis -
Look , I'll give you an analogy . You know how you want an awesome Batman action figure ?
Obviously !
Right !
But when you go to the store , all they have are Fishin' Ahoy Batman and Folly of Space Batman and you end up going home SAD and empty - handed again . THESE VARIANTS ARE YOUR NEW LANGUAGES .
NEVER
- has an apology been so accurate and personally damaging .
There's nothing wrong with a new language being a simple variant of English ! Heck , modern French is just a riff on middle Swedish !
Or so I assume , having never looked into the matter with any seriousness ! !
So I'm just going to focus on IMPROVEMENTS , and the first improvement I'm making on English is the adding amazing EXCLUSIVE WE .
Ah , yes ! While our " we " means " you and I " , other languages also have a " we " that means " everyone here EXCEPT YOU , THE PERSON I'M TALKING TO . OH SNAP . "
Dromiceiomimus
If you knew about it all this time why did you keep it a big secret
Anyway , my other improvement is adding an exclusive " you " !
How does that work ?
It's a " you " that basically means " anyone but you " . So I can say " [ Exclusive ] We are going to a party ! [ Anyone but ] You should really come ! "
Man , how would you feel if someone said that to you ?
Um , STOKED THAT MY LANGUAGE HAS CAUGHT ON ? ?
AND THEN SAD , OBVIOUSLY ? ?
Hello , T - Rex speaking on my T - Rex Speakerphone ! Who may I say is calling ?
* gasp *
This is a . . .
PRANK PHONE CALL !
SOON :
Dromiceiomimus , I got prank phone called ! Me ! I used to make prank phone calls but now I receive them ! The tables have turned , metaphorically ! I don't know how I can make this more clear !
You don't need to , I get it !
The prank giver ( usually me ) has become the prank receiver ( me again ) ! !
You've never been prank phone called before ?
No ! And this was such a sucky one !
Now , YEARS LATER , when we're all sitting around and reminiscing about the first prank calls we ever got , I'M gonna be the one who gets all quiet and sad . Frig .
Man , when are we gonna do that ?
Um , DURING OUR SUNSET YEARS ? ?
T - REX'S IMAGINED FUTURE :
Incidentally , my body is REMARKABLY well preserved , I gotta say .
What's my friggin' secret ?
INCREDIBLE MOMENTS IN HISTORY
STARRING T - REX THE DINOSAUR
Dromiceiomimus , you know how scientists are always getting , like , Nobel Prizes in science stuff ?
Sure !
Do you know if you can get that with dance moves too ? Because I'm PRETTY SURE I just invented an amazing new dance move ! !
Let's see this move !
Right ! I start with my leg raised as so , and then -
Leg down , tail down , head snap , POSE .
Not bad , not bad !
Hey ! Hey , Utahraptor !
Take a picture , it'll last longer !
THIS MARKS THE FIRST AND LAST TIME THE PHRASE " TAKE A PICTURE , IT'LL LAST LONGER " WAS EVER SAID SINCERELY
THE END
In chess , you want to kill the other guys ! But , OH NO . Everyone forgot their guns and swords !
So INSTEAD , you kill bad guys by moving your guys into their house !
You move your guy into a house and then you live there , but if it's occupied then the other person dies of embarrassment ! Each square is a property , and it's a real - estate simulator . I don't know . Folks seem to like it .
Just as in real life , queens have a lot of real - estate buying options , and it's kinda weird when horses own land .
To win a game of chess , you need to buy up the SECRET house !
Secret house ?
There's a secret house full of treasure , but you don't know which house it is until you move in there . Only chess is like , SUPER OLD , so now everyone knows the secret house is the one the king lives in . SPOILER ALERT ? ?
Huh .
Yeah , chess is weird .
In conclusion !
They say that chess is the game of kings , but there's horses in it too !
In poker , you have a hand full of cards , and everyone else has a hand full of cards , and you all just have to deal with that .
POKER AS SHE IS PLAYED
The object of the game is to get rid of your cards ! In Round One everyone gets to decide how many of their cards they want to drop , but it turns out no matter what number you say , you get the same amount of cards back to replace them . Ha ha ! This game was designed by a madman . You go around in circles with each trying and failing to discard ; it is pointless and futile .
After everyone remembers that , it's on to Round Two !
In this round , you realize that your cards are actually . . . POK ? MON .
It's a total Pok ? mon rip off !
I know , right ? ! The only difference is your cards attack all at once and don't even evolve , so it's like a dumb baby version . And , AS ALWAYS , a full Electric team EASILY beats a mix of water and Flying - type Pok ? mon !
Only they call those " straight flush " and " full house " instead . Even the names are dumber ! !
The winner is the person who KOs all the other cards , and as a prize , the losers have to pay the winner actual real - life money . The losers get LITERALLY POORER because their random cards didn't fight the best in imagination land !
Doesn't that sound like FUN ? ?
Sometime we do awful things in our lives , even if we don't know it . Sometimes the only proof that we've made mistakes - terrible mistakes the UNIVERSE ITSELF punishes us for - is that we look around and we're playing . . . Monopoly .
MONOPOLY AS SHE IS PLAYED
The object of Monopoly is to fully explore the sensations of boredom , sorrow and rage . In this sense , EVERYONE'S a winner , as it will become clear in the first 30 minutes that you've lost , yet the game will grind on for hours after that . It is during this time that you will explore these emotions . It is during this time that you will wonder what you did to deserve this .
It is during this time that you will begin to despise the Brother Parker .
But what if you're the winning player ?
Oh , then it's an entirely different game !
In THAT case , your prize is watching friendships die , turn by endless turn . Your only hope is that someone will get SO MAD that they flip the table and end the game early .
That sounds terrible .
That is the bestselling board game on the planet , Utahraptor . What is WRONG with us ? ?
My best theory is that criminally insane are buying up all the copies , concealing them under their jackets , and smuggling them into cottages the world over .
Oh !
And grandma's house
In Scrabble , you and your friends pretend that you're unable to speak OR write , but luckily , you have a bunch of tiny pieces of wood with letters on them in your pockets ! You each grab a handful and take turns chatting up each other .
SCRABBLE AS SHE IS PLAYED
A grid is provided , so you put your letters down there . For example , you may want to say with " WHAT CAPRICIOUS GOD WOULD CRAFT THIS TERRIBLE FATE " , but you won't have enough letters for that . So you'll fall back to " HELLO " , but oops , no " E " , so instead you open the conversation with " ABS " . Your friend , in similar circumstances , might reply " HAT " .
You'll stare at each other for a long moment .
But there's points aren't there ?
Yeah , lots of points !
With words now meaningless , points do the heavy lifting for communication . 16 points might mean " I now realize how much I valued our easy intimacy " , 40 points with a triple word score saying " Promise me you'll never forget how we were , before this game . "
But it does end when the letters run out .
Yes ! And you can all talk again , each word now precious , a gift . The players , having survived their ordeal , are brought closer together . It is , in the full sense of the word , a beautiful game .
Oh but if you try to spell a proper name you get SHOT the fuck DOWN !
Let's say you're alone in the universe with a deck of cards , and you're like , " Welp , guess I'll sort this deck of cards " ! And then you're like , " Welp , I guess I'll make it possible to lose at sorting this deck of cards " !
SOLITAIRE AS SHE IS PLAYED
So you put the cards into piles and move them around according to a bunch of rules somebody else invented . And eventually you'll say " Man , this game , what's the deal with this game , probably I should cheat at this game " . But you're playing by yourself ! Who are you cheating ? Yourself ? The game ? Would it help if I told you that almost 20 % of solitaire games are PROVABLY UNWINNABLE ?
No way it's that high !
Science confirms it ! !
You're doomed to lose a non - trivial amount of time , and it's not like it's going to happen in some super interesting way . The only novel way to lose is by dying in real life , but you only get to do that ONCE , and if you do , your last words are " Oh look , a four of hearts . I can put that on the three of hearts . "
As far as last words go : a solid eight on ten ? ?
I checked it and it's true ! Being sad is NO LONGER IN STYLE .
From now on , all the WAY COOL people are happy !
See what I'm doing , Dromiceiomimus ? I'm making it so that every sad person in the sound of my voice will now try really hard to be happy , so that they can be super ultra cool !
I'm not sure if there exists someone who's SO SAD but also SO CONCERNED WITH BEING COOL . At least , not within the sound of your voice .
. . . Why take the risk ?
Peer pressuring your way though mental problems ?
Exactly !
Maybe you've been sad for a while , but you've probably never tried a COMPLETE STRANGER telling you you'd be way cool if you weren't so sad anymore .
Well , I'm certain complete strangers will appreciate your meddling in their mental health and wellness .
Excellent !
LATER , T - REX GETS SAD , HIS WORLD APPEARING GREY AND LIFELESS :
Hah ! Oh , EMOTIONS .
* Screw you guys *
LAYLA , duh duh duh . . . You've got me on my KNEES , LAYLA . Duh duh duh - I'm beggin' darlin' please , LAYLA .
DUH DUH DUH DUH DUHH
Darling won't you ease my worried mind ? ?
THAT WAS A GOOD DUET T - REX I WAS HAPPY TO SUPPLY THE DUH DUH DUHHS
Yes , I though we did a good job ! I was kinda surprised though that you had so little going on , God , that you could supply partial backup vocals for my song .
NO MAN I'M GOOD
YOU KNOW HOW SOME PEOPLE BELIEVE IN A CLOCKWORK UNIVERSE
What's a clockwork universe ?
That's where everything runs itself !
So the universe is deterministic , running without outside management - like a clock ! God invents the laws of physics , sets everything in motion and then relaxes as the clock runs forever . Maybe he brushes his hands off and says " I'm goin' on infinite break " .
INTERESTING .
YES IT IS A THEORY THAT I AM 100 % IN FAVOUR OF
But what about the problem of entropy increasing in closed systems ? Where's the clock batter ?
MAYBE IT'S POWERED BY FOLKS ASKING LOADED QUESTIONS
SO UM
KEEP IT UP BUCKO
Folks are always all , " What's the best form of government ? DEMOCRACY . I love democracy , a bloo bloo bloo " .
Walk it off , democracy lovers !
Contact me at suckitup @ walkitoff . net , democracy lovers !
Democracy is OLD HAT . You know what democracy is ? Democracy is long - term stuff never getting done , because short - term gains are what get folks re - elected . It had a good run , but now it's time for a more awesome - cracy , one that I just found out about because the Wikipedia random article button brought me to something that wasn't some stats on a crappy river for once .
Ochlocracy ? Isocracy ? Stratocracy ?
PORNOCRACY .
Rule by prostitutes ! And I didn't make it up . The word's been used in historical times to refer when popes were influenced by women !
That's super sexist ! Powerful women aren't necessarily SEX WORKERS .
Um , that's history ? ?
HISTORY : SUPER SEXIST
Hello ? ! This is not a surprising moral ! History is also like twenty kinds of racist !
I KINDA THOUGHT THAT WAS THE REASON WE ALL DECIDED NOT TO LIVE THERE ? ?
COMPRESSED SONG COMICS today's song " HELLO " by LIONEL RITCHIE
Hello !
Lionel Ritchie says , " hello ! "
He goes on to say that either he's had recurring dreams in which he's kissed your lips a thousand times each , or a thousand dreams in which he's kissed your lips once . In either case : dangerously obsessive . Hello ! He's just got to let you know !
Next you'll tell me he's constantly wondering where I am , what I'm doing , and who I'm with !
Um well that is the next thing he volunteers as a matter of fact
No way he says that .
Hello ? ! He does ! !
His exact words are " Is someone loving you ? " , which he follows with " I wonder where you are " .
Geez . I can see the letters - cut - out - of - magazines note stuffed into my mailbox already .
In that case , he sends you a followup note that says " You know just what to do " .
Gah ! !
He notices it every time we walk outside his door , wherever THAT is . " Hello ! " he says , his arms open wide . I don't think we've ever heard him though . It's probably for the best !
Be safe out there , Utahraptor
Oh my gosh I just found out about a political form that beats democracies AND pornocracies combined ! It's the best . THE BEST .
You guys ! Let's ALL move to a - -
A PUPPET STATE IS NOT WHAT YOU THINK IT IS T - REX
Well crap
THE END
Utahraptor , do you - - do you ever get sad ?
I do ! Do you , T - Rex ?
Yeah , whenever I imagine a world so much better than ours , yet so clearly impossible ! Reality doesn't measure up .
Well , we invented planes , we can chat up Australians from almost anywhere , AND we've chilled out on the moon . Maybe your impossible world won't be impossible someday !
Yeah , but how far away are the things I want ? 10 years ? 50 ? ? How long can I expect to live ?
Listen , if sentient puppet kings and portals that work everywhere and not JUST on special walls are on the coming - soon list , I may be willing to cut out SOME red meat !
Let's say you're a dude who is having trouble with , to put it delicately , too much poo . And you think , " I'm going to take some medicine and put this issue to bed ! " Excellent idea , rhetorical dude ! !
PS : I was actually this rhetorical dude !
So I go to the pharmacy and get some fiber supplements because the side of the box says that they " promote regularity " , which sounds good to me ! But it turns out that fiber only makes things worse ! IT TURNS OUT , fiber is actually the last thing you want to take when you have a too much poo problem already !
Yeah , fiber actually facilites [ sic ] the number twos .
I KNOW THAT NOW ! !
Why are we using artful euphamisms [ sic ] on MEDICINE PACKAGING ?
Because - kids can read them ? I guess ?
Utahraptor , these are PILLS . These are meds you buy at a pharmacy . It made my problem WORSE when someone WHO WORKS IN MEDICINE couldn't bring themselves to say , " Okay . These make the poops come out " . " Promotes regularity " ? What the hell is that ? ALL SORTS OF IRREGULARITY CAN HAPPEN DOWN THERE . I've seen it !
I have , in fact , seen far too much
Dromiceiomimus , come quick ! I accidentally swallowed a fork ! !
I mean , I accidentally wanted to see if I could swallow a fork !
I mean , I accidentally thought that if I could swallow a fork then if someone said " fork over your money " I could puke up the fork on their shoes , wipe my mouth and say " Maybe you SPOKE too soon " !
Forks don't have spokes , T - Rex : those are called " tines " .
Even better ! I wipe my mouth and say " Pardon me , but do you have the TINE ? "
What if you said " Knife to meet you " ?
Man , I don't want to swallow knives ! That's DANGEROUS .
That's the point - you don't want to swallow forks either ! They can PERFORATE YOUR INSIDES .
Aw , frig ! This might be a SERIOUS PROBLEM I've given myself .
To the hospital , Utahraptor ! !
Frig , man !
Wait up for me , Utahraptor ! !
BREAKFAST a choose - your - own - adventure comic
It's time for breakfast ! If you decide to eat , turn to panel 3 . But if you're not hungry yet , turn to panel 2 !
Hah ! YOU DIED , jerk ! ! NO BACKSIES . You're totally dead now !
Okay , Super , you're hungry ! You feel as if you've somehow avoided meeting with a terrible fate , but also as if your EVERY ACTION may result in calamity for you today . So ! Will you have cereal or toast ?
If you have toast , turn to panel 4 !
If you have way more DELICIOUS CEREAL , turn to panel 2 !
Man , this toast is pretty okay , but you realize you should probably turn to panel 2 .
Turn to panel 5 !
As you eat the toast you choke on it ! Oh no ! You're definitely about to die . To accept your fate , turn to panel 2 ! To perform the Heimlich maneuver on yourself , turn to panel 2 .
There's only one chance ! Turn to panel 2 but then warp to panel 6 !
You have catastrophically failed at breakfast , yet , paradoxically , won at this comic . You begin to wonder if text is the best medium for a game but there's no time for that now ! ! You are a Zombie . You are the dead REANIMATED .
Go visit a scientist , we'd all love to know how that works !
Every single world map i own puts North America at the upper left of the map ! cartographers are all " boo hoo , if Australia isn't at the lower right then i'm ALL CONFUSED . " On one hand , i hate to be a dick to cartographers !
On the other hand : not my problem , cartographers !
I want NEW WAYS of looking at the world . the planet is a friggin' OBLATE SPHEROID : we can put anything at the top ! And i humbly suggest my kitchen , because then if anyone wants delicious tacos , all they have to do is GO NORTH .
Also sailors will navigate the seas based on the relative position of delicious tacos .
Sometimes , SOMETIMES , I worry my ideas are too awesome
Dude , we put north where it is because that's where compasses point !
Man , who follows a compass ?
Honestly . You follow a compass , you end up on some frozen sea ice and diePeople who carry them around think " Neat . Now i know where i can go to be dead and frozen . " I think we deserve better , Utahraptor !
You think we deserve a north pole that has tacos ?
YES . And I am going to make it HAPPEN .
LATER :
Everyone always says , " I want to make the world a better place " , but nobody's helping me print sweet new maps and make tacos for polar explorers !
( thinks ) Maybe they don't know where to go ? I should get these maps out asap
What if you wrote a story about modern technology arriving BEFORE it did in our timeline ? You'd have computers made out of brass and steam ! That sounds like it might be . . . AWESOME ?
THAT GENRE IS CALLED STEAMPUNK T - REX
Okay whatever !
What if you wrote a story about modern technology arriving AFTER it did in our timeline ? You'd have no computers at all , and people riding around on horses saying " Gosh I wish we invented computers ! Goooossssh ! "
Arguably , that's what fantasy stories are , aren't they ?
FINE .
What if you wrote a story about modern technology arriving at the usual time ?
Historical non - fiction !
Utahraptor , I'm an idea man . Please give me an idea so that I can write an amazing story about it , okay ?
Easy ! " Too many teens on the boat " .
That's not an idea !
That is either a SONG TITLE or an ENTERTAINING CIRCUMSTANCE .
LATER : TOO MANY TEENS ARE ON A BOAT :
Teens ! We have reasonable capacity laws on seafaring vessels for a reason !
AW FRIG
THAT IS A SENTENCE ONLY AN OLD MAN WOULD SAY
It's time for some new plasticized new slang ! Some plasticized -
NEW SLANG FOR TEENS
You're using " plasticized " a bit unusually there , T - Rex . Is that part of your new slang ?
YES . I figure , existing words are already familiar to everyone , so I'll just expand their semantics ! Plasticized now means both " irreproachably amazing " AND " past participle of 'plasticize' " . And it's for teens , because teens are the thin edge of the language wedge !
And when they pick up on it , the " seniorettos " will follow !
" Seniorettos " ?
Non - teens . Older non - teens , actually . Younger non - teens are called " babypants " , as they have been since time immemorial .
Well , when you find some teens , be sure to let them know your new slang !
TOTALLY ON IT .
FIFTY YEARS AGO :
This is a sculpture I did of the child I hope to have one day ! He'll be a doctor , and he'll spend all his time helping others cure horrible diseases .
It's gonna be so great
Oh my gosh ! I could spend weekends somewhere else under an assumed name ! Two towns over , I could be known as . . . PUNCHES MALONE .
T - REX HAS THE BEST IDEA EVER COMICS
I'm not sure how serious you are , T - Rex , but it's a great idea ! Two towns over I'M known as " Ornithomimus J . Edmontonicus " .
Seriously ?
I wear a top hat and monocle
SERIOUSLY ? ?
Oh man , is she serious ?
Is she being totally serious to our faces right now ? ?
I mean , there's no reason it couldn't be true , right ? It would just mean that Dromiceiomimus has been LIVING the friggin' DREAM while we have been sitting around , not cultivating sweet double lives .
We need to go two towns over and start building our alter egos !
You guys , I also carry a cane with a skull on the top and wear a jacket made of the finest feathers .
Utharaptor , come back !
I hate to make up words , but reality just got even more awesometasticerest ! !
In high school a bunch of us were talking about a television show !
REGRET COMICS 2000
I'd seen it a little bit but they were all talking about a particular episode , so I played along and talked about it too . Eventually I asked a question , I forget what , but it somehow CLEARLY REVEALED that I had not in fact seen the episode at all . Everyone turned to me , and one guy I barely knew said " Why would you lie about something like that ? " I had no idea ! All I could say was " I don't know . "
That's not the end of the world , T - Rex !
I'm still thinking about it years later though !
I remember watching as someone went from respecting me to thinking I'm a liar : worse , a liar who does it for no reason .
And who isn't particularly good at it .
AND WHO ISN'T PARTICULARLY GOOD AT IT , yes . Why'd I do it ? It was so dumb !
* sigh *
The greatest proof that time travel isn't possible is that no future selves have yelled at me to stop messing the heck up
I hate to be the one to talk about this , but it's time for us to talk about -
THE SAD AND SORRY SYMBOLISM OF FIRST PERSON GRAPHICS ENGINES
Yeah , it's great how you can see things like you're really there ! But it's also super constrained and sad , for the world is hollow and walls surround you perfectly . There's no escape , and even when you're " outside " there's nothing underground , nothing over the mountains , and if you swim too far you hit an invisible wall or you DIE . It's a tiny world and you're the only one alive in it . Hey , why don't you kill that monster . It's something to do .
And the sky ? That's actually a BOX AROUND YOUR HEAD that's drawn first .
That depends on the game !
STILL . You're wandering around a hollow tube with a box around your head to give the illusion of an endless horizon . It's SO SAD .
. . . I guess . It's also a lot of fun ! And ALL games have limits : there's no baseball outside the diamond . The game just ends . You're not supposed to go there .
But it's not exactly the same , right ? It's not like , if you do go outside the diamond then you die , right ? And then if you die in the game you die in real life ? ?
No . That has never happened , T - Rex .
How
How did you get this far thinking that
GREETINGS T - REX
The Devil ! what's up ?
I CAN'T HELP BUT NOTICE YOU AGAIN DISCUSSED VIDEO GAMES WITHOUT ME
THE VIDEO GAME EXPERT
THIS IS A COLOSSAL SLIGHT AGAINST MY PERSON
. . . Sorry ?
AS PUNISHMENT I'M AFRAID I WILL NO LONGER TALK ABOUT VIDEO GAMES WITH YOU SO THAT YOU MIGHT LEARN YOUR LESSON
Really ? Oh man , that sounds awesome !
. . . ly horribly , because I most certainly do not want that punishment right away now please .
Any time you're ready .
Just gonna stand her with my leg raised till I'm punished .
T - REX WHAT ARE YOUR OPINIONS ON - - NEWS
AND EVENTS
I'm for them !
For what ?
For news and events . Utahraptor , please play along ! The Devil might start talking about different things for once !
Oh ! Ask him about music ?
MY BROAD MUSICAL TASTES ENCOMPASS TUNES BOTH CHIP AND OTHERWISE
CURSES YOU'VE TRICKED ME INTO TALKING ABOUT VIDEO GAME MUSIC THEREFORE YOUR PUNISHMENT IS NOW AT AN END
No , please ! Punish me some more ! !
T - REX IS THIS LIKE A WEIRD SEX THING
BECAUSE IF SO
MY COMFORT ZONE HAS BEEN BREACHED AND NOW LIES IN SHAMBLES
Yep this is definitely a fact ! Heads up , everyone !
The world will end on May 21st or whatever ! !
What do you mean by that ? Will the planet explode or disappear or whatever ? That seems pretty unlikely
DO YOU MEAN EVERYONE WILL DIE BECAUSE IF SO DOES THAT INCLIDE LIKE COCKROACHES
Maybe you mean the sun will explode ? Is it JUST our world that ends , or are other planets threatened too ?
Geez , WHO KNOWS ?
" Who knows ? " ! You're supposed to know ! You're the guy going arounds saying the world will end !
Man ! !
All I meant was that due to the thousand natural changes we all go through every day , the world of May 22nd will be a slightly different place than it was on May 21st . Thus , the world of May 21st will be gone forever !
Aplogies in advance , but I'm going to punch you now . The force MAY push you backwards for kilometers .
Physics does not work this waaaaay
THE ANSWER WILL ALWAYS BE YES .
Should I try new things ? Should I get good at old things ?
Should I do something just because it might be AWESOME ?
If we're both in a place in our lives that allows it , adult enough to handle it , and both interested in sexing each other up AND down , should we totally give it a try ?
I live alone . Hey ! Should I eat ALL the chicken wings ?
Are vitamins and minerals required for our bodies to function ?
UTAHRAPTOR , WAS THAT A BORING QUESTION ? ?
Oh man , are you using the fact that all the answers are " yes " to diss my awesome question ? ?
Isn't it opposite day for Utahraptor , so all his questions are actually answered with " no " ? ?
Doesn't that ACTUALLY only apply to T - Rex , though ? ?
Wait , are we applying these in logical or chronological order ?
. . .
Utahraptor , let's play different games from now on .
One of you becomes the dreamer , and the rest , the dreams . The dreams , though they cannot articulate why , even to themselves , forever run from the dreamer .
TAG AS SHE IS PLAYED
The dreams can take many forms , but generally assume the limited form of a screaming child . The dreams run from the dreamer , desiring at the same moment to be caught and to be free . These desires do battle in the dream - mind , while the dreamer , unable to comprehend the essential futility that surrounds him , gives chase . He runs wildly after the dreams , a ridiculous parody of who he was before this terrible game began . They are all reduced to clowns .
The game is ended when a dreamer achieves even a fleeting touch of the dream . That touch will have to suffice .
You're - !
Though dozens may play , Utahraptor , there can only be one winner , that single moment of briefly - realized potential doing more damage than a thousand losses . This is a special kind of madness .
I was going to say " You're it ! " , but now I'm going home to be sad .
That's right ! I NEVER
LOSE
AT TAG
EVERYTHING YOU NEED TO KNOW ABOUT WORLD HISTORY IN SIX PANELS
WELL , FIVE REALLY
NOW IT'S FOUR
Okay ! RIGHT . So the world was formed 4 and a half billion years ago and then eventually we showed up ! This began what's known as " The Epoch of when Shit Got Real " .
So you covered over 4 billion years in 31 words , that's about . . . 7 . 5 words per billion years ? Which leaves about two words to sum up our entire recorded history .
Um . . .
That's one !
. . . neat ?
Your entire summary of recorded world history is " Un . . . neat ? " Nicely done , T - Rex !
I ran out of words !
HAD I KNOWN THERE WAS A LIMIT , I would've used my 33 words to say " New planet . Life in sea . Evolution . Life everywhere : water , ground , sky . Conflict , learning , progress . Language . Then T - Rex shows up and it get AH - MAZING . " Kapow ! 10 words left , baby ! !
" Also , Utahraptor's there : he's good too ! "
Four words left ! Four words to sum up the world and everyone in it !
. . .
" PRETTY SWEET , YOU GUYS "
" Excuse me T - Rex , but which toothbrush do you think is yours ? "
SENTENCES THAT ARE NEVER GOOD TO HEAR
Another good one's " What time is it ? Looks like it's MURDER O'CLOCK "
What if they were about to murder a really terrible person though ?
Even if that's true , it's never good to hear that bad a line . Instead , they should say " I've gotta stop by the bank real quick to make a deposit . . . OF MURDER " .
. . . Wait somehow that got worse , wait -
" It's not you , it's me . "
What if that puts you on the course to a better relationship ?
" The food you gobbled was poisoned " ?
Yeah . Yeah , I suppose that's never good to hear . UNLESS . . . You've altered your DNA to be immune to it , and today's the day of your big test . And it turns out you're now immune to ALL toxins , and this is the first of your many new superpowers to manifest !
You stare at your fists as razor - sharp blades push out from between your fingers . Somehow , it only tickles . Somehow , you know life just got crazy sweet . SOMEHOW , YOU KNOW CRIMINALS WILL RUE THIS DAY .
. . .
Scientists need to invent a way to make DNA work like in cartoons
You wake up , the last person in a post - apocalyptic world . What happened ? Well shoot , Einstein , I'd say it looks like an apocalypse has happened , and now we're post that . You decide you'd better try to keep up ! !
You go on to decide I'M doing a friggin' excellent job narrating !
So there's some immediate concerns of food and water , but there's some longer - term concerns you'll need to deal with too : medicine is no longer being produced , so you'd better lock some of that down . If there's any vehicles you want moved , do it now , because it truns out gasoline can go stale in a matter of months !
Thanks for the sweet tips , T - Rex !
You thank me for my sweet tips !
I spend my days carving knowledge into stones , hoping future life will one day understand it !
Sure , okay ! You do that .
Millions of years later , intelligent life arises again ! Your stones have long since weathered to dust , but they do find your skeleton and put it in a museum ! The placard reads " This Guy , Hey , what was The Deal With This Guy ? "
What .
Utahraptor , you scored two out of a possible fifty thousand points !
Utahraptor , your epitaph scored forty - five thousand out of a possible fifty thousand points !
If you're dead and you're a ghost , why are you still hanging around ? What unfinished business could be SO IMPORTANT that it demands the full attention of your new supernatural powers ? ? Give it a rest ! Game over , man !
T - REX YOU TALK LIKE YOU'VE NEVER GONE FOR 100 % COMPLETION
Oh my gosh THAT MAKES TOTAL SENSE . Ghosts have beaten the game but they're worried they've missed something , so they're handing around , going for 100 % ! That's their " unfinished business " !
" I died without ever messing with a lightswitch while throwing cups at a wall " ?
Exactly !
ACHIEVEMENT UNLOCKED : TIME ON YOUR HANDS
And ghosts hanging around from hundreds of years ago ?
They just suck at the game !
They've spent HUNDREDS OF YEARS but they're still in the same spooky mansion , trying to get that last " Get Photographed Clearly " achievement required for 100 % and messing it up , Every Single Time .
Aw , poor guys !
Whatever ! Come on , ghosts ! ! Have you tried NOT being blurry and transparent ?
This may sound really obvious , but I don't want to leave any stone unturned here .
I find that really helps me when I'm being photographed .
Hello ! We are friends on Facebook and I kinda actually have no idea who you are . You invited me to a party in a distant city , soooo . . . is that where you live ?
I GUESS WE MET SOMEWHERE ONCE ?
a web card
I looked at your profile . I dunno . It seems weird to say " Sorry , I've already got enough friends " , but I wouldn't even be saying that . I'd be saying , " Sorry , I've already got enough - - strangers ? Who are aware of what movies I liked when I set this up years ago ? "
Oh , I looked at your pictures too .
You - - get drunk an awful lot ?
Maybe you met while intoxicated and both forgot !
But I never drink that much !
I figure , either I am forgetting entire friendships and sections of my past wholesale , which is TERRIFYING , or I'm living split - personality double lives in another city , which seems PRETTY INTRIGUING .
And your other personality is also called " T - Rex " and uses the same Facebook account .
Yep ! In either case : dear recipient of this card , thank you for the invitation on Facebook , but I will not be attending the party !
. . . Okay !
If you have any idea how we know each other , drop me a line !
Oh snap ! Looks like tonight I'm going to a
BACHELOR PARTY
PARTY . . .
( That was an echo ! )
Anyway , it's going to be great . We're going to do all SORTS of things that we can't normally do at parties because WOMEN are around ! Bachelor parties are DUDES ONLY .
What have I ever prevented you from doing at a party , T - Rex ?
Um . . . hiring strippers and then being uncomfortable around strippers ?
In my head I mean , I never got around to proposing it
SEVERAL DAYS LATER !
T - Rex , where the heck have you been ? !
Only at the BEST BACHELOR PARTY IN THE WORLD ! !
And , after THAT ended at a sensible hour , I went home and caught up on my correspondence . The next day I checked out some community theatre , and then volunteered at the library !
Are you joking ? I can't tell if you're joking .
No , I helped run special events in the computer room .
THE END
IT WAS A REALLY GOOD BACHELOR PARTY THOUGH
T - REX'S BATMAN STORY
Batman loves to fight crime , right ? He loves it . He lives for it ! So you show how fighting crime is his obsession .
But Batman's going too far !
And of course there's already been tons of stories where he's gone too far , but in this one he's not punching dudes too hard now or anything . Instead , he's neglecting his Bruce Wayne persona !
So ? Bruce Wayne's not that important .
Bruce Wayne runs Wayne Enterprises , and Wayne Enterprises is what funds Batman and his gadgets !
So Batman is ignoring Wayne Enterprises . Then what happens ?
An amazing dilemma !
Batman needs the financial support of Wayne Enterprises , so he has to devote more time to it ! But every time he's in the boardroom instead of on the streets , people are DYING .
A large benevolent corporation , properly directed , could easily do much more good than a lone vigilante in a single city .
The Worst Person To Talk About Batman With / TODAY'S WINNER : UTAHRAPTOR
Utahraptor , come quick ! !
YOU WON A PRIZE
LITERARY TECHNIQUE COMICS
today's technique
DELETED AFFAIR
A deleted affair is when an old relationship is suddenly referred to in the story . Like when Utahraptor and I -
- NEVERMIND
It's MORE like when you read Romeo and Juliet , and Romeo's all into Juliet , but then you read Romeo / Juliet II and it turns out Romeo previously had a relationship with Juliet's smokin' hot sister Rachel who nobody ever mentioned until now , and we're all like , " What ? Whaaaaat ? ? "
" I didn't even know this play existed , whaaaaat ? "
" Maybe I'm moving between parallel universes and this is the difference between them , whaat ? "
" In this universe , Shakespeare only wrote R + J sequels , whaaaat ? "
" I sure hope some of them are good , whaaaaaaaat ? "
" In this sequel Romeo is a vacuum cleaner and Juliet is another vacuum cleaner , wait this is just an ad for vacuum cleaners , whaaaat ? "
" In this one , Romeo's death somehow CATAPULTED HIM THROUGH TIME to our present day , where he works as an engineer . He's pretty good at his job . WHAAAAAT ? ? "
MEANWHILE , IN TUDOR ENGLAND
Shakespeare , we need more sequels ! You've got to come back with me !
back where
Back . . . TO THE FUTURE
Rex : You'd get that reference if you came back with me to the future , Shakespeare ! !
ATTENTION READERS : this book is a direct sequel to whatever book you read last . This book is made entirely out of chapters cut from the end of that OTHER book . Got it ?
ARE YOU READY TO GO ON A READING ADVENTURE ?
IF YOU ARE A READER , NOW IS THE TIME FOR YOU TO BE SAYING " I GUESS SO ! ! "
It was all a dream ! " , said Antonio Tony , as he bolted upright in his bed . " Everything that happened prior to this : TOTALLY IMAGINARY . So crazy ! ! " He looked around his bedroom . " I think tonight I'll dream ANOTHER narrative or non - fictional tome or two [ these are the next books you'll read ] , ' Antonio said . He scratched his neck and tooted , since it was late and nobody was there . " No - one must know , " he said , tooting .
I liked it up ti the tooting !
And then you liked it after the tooting too , right ?
I'll say this : it was clever yo make the previous and next books part of your story .
It's more than that ! ALL books you'd read before my story he dreamed last night and the ones you read afterwards he's dreaming tonight ! Every book EVER is now an ANTONIO dream !
Every author who has OR EVER WILL write anything is adding this singular an colossal collaborative story ! ALL LITERATURE , IN ALL LANGUAGES IS NOW FANFICTION ABOUT MY CHARACTER HIS NAME IS ANTONIO TONY ; HE FARTED THE BED .
THIS IS THE VEHICLE WE , AS A PEOPLE , CHOOSE FOR OUR STORIES
As tje creator of the universe's most ambitious and inclusive story telling project , " Antonio Tony Toots The Bed " * , I feel . . . PRETTY GREAT , ACTUALLY !
My sole regret is that my own biography will be reduced to mere Antonio fan fiction !
But it's not REALLY a regret , because one day the greatest person of my generation will write THEIR autobiography , and that'll be Antonio fanfic too . It's a pretty big compliment .
Our generation's greatest TERRIBLE RACIST may also do the same thing though .
Frig ! I hadn't thought of that !
Yeah , there's ALL SORTS of vile , reprehensible books incorporated into your project now .
Daaaang !
Well , I suppose there's nothing wrong with being inclusive , right ? After all , when you incorporate the entire universe's literary output into your book , you're bound to get a few crazy things popping up .
Every YouTube comment ever written is part of your project too .
. . .
Mo woman will ever love me
Writing can be hard , especially if you have to write something new ! But not if you're an ancient Greek , because then you can fall back to imatatio !
DINONYSIAN imotyatio !
The idea here is that there's a dude named Dionysius who decided that everything worthwhile has already been said , but maybe , just MAYBE , it hasn't been said well enough ? So you stand on the shoulder and read what they wrote and say " Calm down everybody , I got this " and then you rewrite it ! Literature gets better over time as authors rewrite great works over and over again !
So - remix culture !
Kinda !
Though remices usually don't replace the origional . Here you want to progress over time , so you remic and the remix gets remixed , and then 1000 years later you've produced the ULTIMATE REMIX and then everyone goes home because culture is over .
Let's do this ! Let's remix a single thing over and over !
" Twinkle twinkle little star " !
" Sparkle sparkle , tiny space light ! "
" Atmosphere can distort starlight , but actually the light is consistent . "
" Sometimes I wonder if this is what I was meant to be doing in life "
Holy crap ! ! This remix . . . JUST GOT REAL
IT'S LATE AND YOU'RE HOME ALONE : a web card
Wow ! The whole place to yourself , huh ? And it's really dark out too !
When you got home , did you check out every room ?
Wouldn't it be super weird if one of the rooms you didn't check had an axe murderer in it ?
Man , that'd be SO WEIRD ! I'm glad I'm not home alone right now , where nobody will check on me for hours and hours .
I know , right ? Wouldn't it be EVEN WEIRDER if you glanced out the window and saw the silent motionless silhouette of something just - - watching you ?
That'd be THE WEIRDEST !
Even better - - imagine if , just as you were reading this , the power cut out ?
Oh man ! So weird !
And then , while you were still stunned by the sudden darkness , you heard the sound of glass breaking ?
Ooh ! Or the sound of fists pounding on your door , and then the unmistakable sound of splintering wood !
Sooo weird !
If I were the recipient of this card , I would be DEFINITELY be exploring these scenarios in my imagination right now ! ! Nothing else to do when you're home alone , right ?
Yep !
Nothing to do but wait !
Buying a skeleton costs thousands of dollars ! How are skeletons so expensive ? EVERYONE GETS ONE FOR FREE , and it's not like you're going to be using it forever !
Skeletons should be like the most free thing ever !
It occurs to me , Dromiceiomimus , that my skeleton probably looks pretty awesome , and just such a skeleton would look rad hanging up in my living room . Folks would say " Oh man , that skeleton is awesome ! " and I'd say " Yes . Like the rhetorical magic , this too was within you all along . " Assuming they were the same species as the skeleton , I mean .
Because we're all different species !
Maybe they're expensive to stop people from treating them too casually ?
It's way too late for that !
In movies people fight skeletons all the time , and nobody every says " Wait , this sword - wielding skeleton used to be inside someone , let's all consider our feelings when I mention that . " Instead they say " Time to BONE UP on my sword - play ! "
While true , that fails to address the substance of my criticism .
Ooh ! Or they say " SKULLS to meet you ! " Or " Aw man ! RIBS AGAIN ? " while punching a skeleton in the ribs !
. . . Utahraptor did you say something , I MIGHT'VE fugued out there for a second
You know what I love and never get to do ?
GOSSIP .
And I have some good dirt on the Dromiceiomimus !
OK , so IT TURNS OUT that a certain Dromiceiomimian friend of ours was seen leaving th -
Oh . Hey , Dromiceiomimus .
T - Rex .
Man ! ! THIS is why I never get to gossip !
But at least I've got some good dirt on the Utahraptor ! Who . . . is currently standing behind me , aren't you ?
Yep !
Well , frig . You know what I'm going to do ? I'm going to get some NEW friends , and I'm going to gossip all about you with them .
Okay , have fun ! Be sure to tell them how awesome I am !
ONLY IF CIRCUMSTANCES DEMAND IT .
LATER :
I'M UNSURE HOW CIRCUMSTANCES HAVE BROUGHT US HERE , new friends , but Utahraptor's pretty rad . He's got pointy toes so when you say " this contract has a good CLAWS in it " he'll roll his eyes .
He does it like every time ! Hah hah !
He's so great
Everybody independently somehow comes to the conclusion that they'd rather be alone than hang out with you for even a second longer ! It's your greatest self - doubt given form . It's your worst social nightmare realized !
And it's happening RIGHT . . .
. . . NOW .
You say , " You can't be serious , right ? All of you ? You're kidding , right ? " but everyone just stares at you , and when you search their faces you don't even see regret in their eyes . It's just - anticipation . Desperate , you say " I'm going to close my eyes , and I'm going to count to 10 , and I'm going to let you change your mind , " but you know what will happen . When you open your eyes , feeling stupid , you're alone . Of course you're alone . Of course .
But you're not going to take this sitting down , are you ?
You're damn right ! !
Instead , I'm going to hunt down each of my so - called " friends " , one by one . And when I find them , I'm going to tap them on the shoulder and say " Did you honestly think you could hide from me forever ? Really ? BECAUSE I FOUND YOU . "
Then what ?
Then . . .
Then they'll HAVE to be my friend , and we can all ditch someone else instead !
HIDE AND GO SEEK
AS SHE IS PLAYED
COMPRESSED LIFE COMICS / today's life / WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE
Williams Shakespeare , or " Willie " as he may have secretly preferred but never actually told anyone , was a food eater !
In his spare time , he also wrote plays !
Anything else about him is PURE SPECULATION , because he died , and everyone he knew died , and everyone they knew died , and then a bunch more died and HERE WE ARE .
How do we know that past people didn't get together and say " Why don't we just make everything up so that future folks will think some crazy things happened ? Listen . We have literally nothing else going on ; we should definitely do this . "
But then couldn't Shakespeare HIMSELF be made up ?
Ah , I see you've studied this before !
The Shakespeare Authorship Question says " Everyone knows Shakespeare wrote some neat plays . But what we're presupposing is . . . maybe he didn't ? " But it's dumb because if a bunch of other people wrote them , I'm sure ONE of 'em would've heard of " not spelling suckily " .
S - U - C -
NOT WHAT I MEANT .
" Oh hello , Ben Johnson and Christopher Marlowe ! Let's all write Shakespeare plays together . How do you spell 'bodes' ? "
" I dunno , let's spell it 'boades' and call it a day ! "
Yes , that's definitely the best three grown men can do . NAP TIME ? ? "
And so on , Utahraptor !
Here are some free rap lyrics for anyone who wants to put them into a song and then make me a rap song millionaire . You should probably definitely do this !
It is a good thing to be doing on a school night !
" That guy was fat / But not like big / He was fat like wide / Frig "
I don't now if I want to freestyle with those lyrics , T - Rex ! Also , I graduated years ago .
" That woman was nice / Actually , super nice / If we're gonne be that precise . " I'D freestyle with that one , Dromiceiomimus !
Because it's not like they're getting any better .
" Your rapts are pretty bad and that's a fact / You can't quite say 'em with your dignity intact "
Oooh !
That one was pretty good ! Can I use it ?
T - Rex , this is a RAP BATTLE . You're supposed to come at me with some sick rhymes of your own ! You're not supposed to compliment me on my rhymes and then ask to borrow them .
" Rap battles make it sound like there's only one winner / A rap friendship's much easier when you're a rap beginner ! "
. . . Okay , that was kinda adorable .
Yayyyyy
I can totally make up some inventions . Rubber bands shaped like Justin Bieber ! DONE .
Oh snap , here come the profits !

Now I've invented rubber bands shaped like women and hunks . Is that a solid gold car that I've just won ? FROME LIFE ? ?
These inventions don't seem to actually better anyone , T - Rex , OR our society . They're just ? rubber bands ?
Yes , I suppose they are just rubber bands . . . SHAPED LIKE CELEBS AND SEXY ICONOGRAPHY ! !
I will never be poor again

Still big on rubber bands ?
Yep !
So I'm confused ? you seem to be inventing these by merely describing them out loud , and then you seem to have profits instantly . Where are these profits coming from ?
The rubber bands !
But who's making them ?
. . . WHOEVER WANTS TO AS LONG AS THEY PAY ME MONEY ? ?
Oh wait that was all a fantasy and this is back in reality , where I spend most of my time . Good ol' reality !
Yep !
Can't improve on that just by closing your eyes !
Today is a good day I think for replacing all my " oh crap " s , " oh dang " s and " oh snapadoodle " s with something infinitely more charming . From now on when I drop an anvil on my toe , this will be me :
Oh , brother ! !
Isn't it great , Dromiceiomimus ?
I just realized : I was living my life under the assumption that nobody had said " Oh brother ! " since the fifties .
Well that is INCORRECT , as I said it this morning when I dropped my toast on the ground . " Oh brother , " I said , " what's next ? ? " It was amazing
I can see this getting old fast , T - Rex !
A complaint from Utahraptor ? Oh , brother ! !
Hah , okay , that was pretty good . But work it into your regular rotation of minced oaths , pseudo - profanities and cusses ! Don't just replace everything wholesale . Tomorrow I'm sure there'll be some new phrase you'll be enamoured with .
Utahraptor that is LITERALLY IMPOSSIBLE .
15 MINUTES LATER :
Fifteen dollars for a glass of pop ? ! What the ham and eggs ? Hah hah hah ! I'll never say any other words again : I'm 100 % serious
The word " awesome " has been said an awesome amount of times , and sometimes I worry that has diluted its meaning . Luckily , the solution is obvious :
Awesome inflation !
With awesome inflation , we acknowledge that " awesome " is now used to refer to merely above - average things , so " let the okay times roll " can now be expressed as " let the awesome times roll " .
But I love okay times !
You'll love them even more now that they're awesome times !
And what of actually awesome things ?
As usual , adjectives solve all our problems !
Perhaps you'll enjoy " head - meltingly awesome " , " headband - tighteningly awesome " , or " antimatter explosion awesometastic " ? And if that fails , portmanteaus like " collosawesome " and " awesatisfactory " should scratch the itch !
" Awesatisfactory " . . . doesn't sound so head - meltingly awesome ?
We've moved on to awesome deflation , my friend !
. . . It's awesomoderately okay .
Why listen to a song more than once ? Once you have it memorized you can just replay it in your head whenever you want !
There !
Now there's no reason to buy a song ever again !
But do you have a memory that allows perfect recall of something after only one exposure ?
P - Possibly ?
Is the memory of a sound as rich as the sound itself ?
Who can say ?
And isn't the experience of sharing music one of it's pleasures ?
MAYBE IN SOME CIRCUMSTANCES ? ?
But it's not a problem ! Everybody ! Play the Simpsons theme in your head and begin dancing . . . NOW .
On it !
This is the part where Bart writes on the chalkboard
What's the one song that most people will hear the most often in their lives ? The Probable Worldwide Most Listened To Record Holder ? I'll give you a hint : it was composed like 200 years ago !
And we still listen to it super often today , Dromiceiomimus !
Hmm . . . That eliminates Deee - Lite's " Groove Is In The Heart " , since they weren't invented like 200 years ago .
Yep , though that is a good song , as well as instructional as to the whereabouts of the groove . No , it's the Westminster Chimes - the tune you hear on basically every clock that tolls the hour ! If you own one or live within earshot of one , you hear it every 15 minutes and the full version each hour !
That's not a real song though !
Utahraptor , that's SONG RACISM ! It is too a real song .
And I'm sorry there's no ELECTRIC GUITARS in it , but when it was composed everyone was dealing with them not being invented yet . " Let's just use church bells , " they said . " They weigh literal tons . That's the max bad - ass we can be in this era . " ALSO : it has lyrics .
Really ? What are they ?
" Oh , Lord our God / Be thou our guide / That by thy help / No foot may slide . "
. . .
It's basically the worst instructional dance ever
TEN DIFFERENT WAYS TO MEET A NEW GIRLFRIEND OR BOYFRIEND
On the bus , in a store , surfing , skydiving , at a party , before a party , on the web , on the internet , or while . . .
mining ! You can meet people under the ground !
That list isn't that helpful , T - Rex ! Finding a new sweetie is more than actually meeting them : you have to talk to them , discover shared interests and interesting differences , explore your compatibility , and so on !
I believe you CAN technically do that in all the places I mentioned !
Okay , maybe you have some tips on striking up a conversation
Sure !
Open with " Hey there . Want to know more about ME ? " and if they say no say " Hah hah , no , seriously " and if they say no say " Okay whatever , you go first and talk about yourself and I'll listen . But you owe me ! "
. . .
If you do that you can think " Sweet , when they're done then I get to talk ! "
In other news !
I am currently single , but I'm certain it's not because of my opinions
Alright everyone , wizards use magic words to cast spells , right ? This is like the main thing that wizards do . Here's a hot tip :
NEVER SLEEP WITH A WIZARD .
I'm not even talking about the sex thing , which might be great ! I don't know ! I've never sexed up a wizard !
T - Rex it sounded like you were going to give us some advice , but instead you segued into confessions about your personal sexual history .
Man !
That happens ALL THE TIME
Anyway , my point is : people sometimes talk in their sleep !
And wizards cast spells orally !
EXACTLY . Wizards change the world with their words , and some people talk in their sleep without even realizing it . Why take the chance ? You could wake up turned into a couch or something , and would that be awesome ? No , it wouldn't . People would put their butts on you . Gross .
LATER , T - REX MEETS A REAL WIZARD :
The fact that you exist in real life means that I TOTALLY wasn't wasting my time today talking about the issues involved in sleeping with you ! ! May I just say :
Yessssss
COMICS FOR UNPOPULAR DEMOCRAPHICS
today's democgaphic :
RACISTS
? Seriously ? Seriously ? ?
Okay ! Racists ! How about ? um , those who are different than you ?
You don't like people who are different , huh ? How's that working out for you ?
You're doing this ?
YES , I'm doing this . I am going to do something meant for RACISTS .
I really don't see how we're gonna pull this off !
Just watch me for the changes and try to keep up !
Hey racists ! Do you like Husky dogs ? They were bred by people we called Eskimos , which we then shortened to " 'Esky " because we were racist , and then we called the dogs that too . And then that got corrupted into " husky " !
That's pretty good , huh ? For you and your racisms ?
COMICS FOR UNPOPULAR DEMOCRAPHICS
today's democgaphic :
SMELLY PEOPLE
Oh thank god , you guys are a breath of fresh air after the racists .
Haha , whoops !
No offence intended , smelly people ! !
If somehow - SOMEHOW - I die , then I would like to be cremated , please !
And then I would like my carbon remains to be crushed into diamonds , please !
And then I would like some of the remaining carbon to be made into pencils and the pencils be given to my pals for them to draw with , and then a year after I die I would like for there to be an art show of all the awesome T - Rex pencil pictures , please !
Also , I would like there to be explicit instructions for my pals not to chew on the pencils because that's kinda super gross , please !
What do we use the diamonds for ?
Um , a little thing called FASHION ? ?
Or for an industrial drill bit . Whatever ; THE POINT IS , whenever you look at it you can thing , " My pal's body made that . Huh ! I remember him now ! "
" I wonder how much cash I can get for it . Maybe I'll write down my guess with this pencil , also made from his body . "
Nooooooooooo
- body will pay much for an artificial diamond but nice try
A lot of folks wonder what the future will be like ! This is dumb of them because if they asked me I just could tell them .
T - REX WHAT WILL THE FUTURE BE LIKE
Finally ! I'M REALLY GLAD YOU ASKED .
In the future , computers will do a lot of things for us , and maybe they'll be robots , unless we mess up and then it's all horses and swords . Maybe mutants ? Weird ! It's really hard to say .
T - REX THAT WAS THE WORST VISION OF THE FUTURE I HAVE EVER HEARD
Well , that's just YOUR opin -
AND I HAVE OBSERVED EVERYTHING THAT EVER HAPPENED IN THE ENTIRE UNIVERSE
Wait a minute ! EVERYTHING ?
Everything ?
If God's seen EVERYTHING in the entire universe , then he can say what's going to happen next ! He knows where everything is and where they're moving !
That assumes a completely deterministic universe . What about free will ?
hmm , yes . What ABOUT free will , God ?
HOLD ON ENGLISH ISN'T MY FIRST LANGUAGE WHAT DO YOU MEAN BY FREE WILL
Like how we decide what toppings to put on our pizza ?
OH HAH HAH THAT'S ALL ME
WHAT CAN I SAY
" I LOVE PEPPERONI "
T - REX LET'S ASSUME THAT YOU HAVE A BROTHER NAMED VICTOR
Sweet !
WHO IS AN AWESOME DUDE
Double ULTRA sweet ! !
AND WHO IS HETEROSEXUAL AND MONOGAMOUS
Sure ! Whatever floats your boat , Victor !
AND WHO IS GETTING MARRIED TOMORROW TO A WONDERFUL WOMAN NAMED SONJA AND T - REX YOU ARE THE BEST MAN
WHAAAAAAT
Quick , Utahraptor ! You need to help me write speech ! !
You mean " write A speech " ?
Man ! See ? I NEED ALL THE HELP I CAN GET . I'm in over my head ! I need a speech AND I need to pull a bachelor party together on the double ! !
I don't understa -
CALL ALL THE BACHELORS WE KNOW
NOW LET'S ASSUME THE WEDDING STARTS IN 30 MINUTES AND YOU'RE LOST IN A FOREST KILOMETERS AWAY
I use moss on trees to - wait , why are we playing this game ?
OH NO NOW YOU FELL INTO A MUD PUDDLE AND TORE YOUR PANTS
It's so stressful
Dromiceiomimus , pick a number between one and a hundred thousand million !
Seventeen ?
* gasp *
That's - that's the number I was thinking of ! !
Great ! Do I win something ?
What ? ! You just came out ahead on a one in a hundred thousand million chance , and you want a PRIZE ? Isn't it enough to spit in the face of PROBABILITY HERSELF ? ?
It's not THAT unlikely that she'd choose your number !
Says you , Mr . I Wish I Chose That Sweet Number !
No , I'm just saying that we're actually pretty bad at random number generation and if you ask folks to pick a number in a range , some choices will show up more often than others . It's not THAT unlikely you'd both land on the same number !
But * I * didn't choose seventeen randomly ! It's . . . .
- it's the number of times I have thought about ice cream today , I'm not even gonna lie
Dromiceiomimus , pick a color between ultramarine and puce !
Red ?
OH MY GOSH THAT
WAS
THE COLOUR I WAS THINKING OF
What shade of red ? Is it like , a pinky reddish shade ?
Yep ! That's the one I was thinking of !
AMAZING . I'll tell you a secret , Dromiceiomimus : that's the colour I see whenever I close my eyes !
That's the colour EVERYONE sees when they close their eyes !
Really ?
Yeah , when you close your eyes they don't turn off - instead , you stare at the inside of your own eyelids ! The red colour is from the blood vessels in them .
Gross .
Really ? Huh .
It could be way grosser .
When you lower your facial skin flaps , your eyes stare unblinkingly at the inside of your own fleshy head . Hair sprouts from each flap's edge .
Utahraptor , I'm revoking your " able to say words " license for the day !
It's a harsh measure BUT : my friend , you have earned it well
GREETINGS T - REX I HAVE DISCOVERED SOME INTERESTING STAR TREK FACTS
Huh !
THAT I NOW PROPOSE SHARING WITH YOU
. . .
MAKE IT SO .
DID YOU KNOW THAT THE SAME WARP FIELD TECHNOLOGY THAT ALLOWS THE ENTERPRISE TO TRAVEL FASTER THAN LIGHT IS ALSO USED IN THE SHIP'S COMPUTER CORE IN A NON - PROPULSIVE MANNER TO FACILITATE FASTER - THAN - LIGHT CALCULATIONS
That's awesome ! Like the old saying goes , once you have warp field technology , all your problems start to look like nails that could have warp field technology applied to them .
And it proves once and for all that Star Trek is better than Star Wars !
What does ?
Star Trek uses warp technology to speed up their computers , while the Star Wars jerks never apply hyperspace to THEIR compudroids or whatever !
I believe Lucasian hyperspace is more " routes that are travelled " than " technology that can be adapted in new ways " .
Ah , but are you considering the full Expanded Universe when you say that ?
I don't actually know what I'm saying ; I've just won Star Wars before when I've said that sentence .
Heads up !
My sense of sight is useless when I sleep , because , like MOST men of taste and breeding , * I * sleep with my eyes closed , staring at the inside of my fleshy head .
But my sense of hearing works 24 / 7 !
Even when I'm sleeping , a loud noise is enough to wake me up and make me say " Hey , what's the big idea ? ? I was trying to be unconscious now . " PLUS , while my eyesight has blind spots ( usually disguised and covered up by a complicit brain ) , I have full 360 degree range of hearing , with not a deaf spot in sight ! And by " in sight " , I OBVIOUSLY mean " I'm ny audio acuity zone " .
Oh , suddenly now you're into hearing ?
Dude ! I've always been into hearing !
TWO WEEKS AGO :
I'm SO DONE with my sense of hearing . If my friggin' sense of touch were good enough , I could hear over my entire body by feeling the soundwaves hitting it !
But then you'd have to walk around naked .
AND ? ?
BACK IN THE PRESENT :
HOLY CRAP you guys , was it suddenly two weeks ago for anyone else ? ?
holy crap holy crap HOLY CRAAAAP
Last night I dreamed I was out on a picnic table with all my personal electronics , and this group of kids thought it was a garage sale !
Okay YES I KNOW DREAMS ARE STUPID , but bear with me !
So these kids are picking up my stuff , but suddenly it's not my stuff , it's my friend's stuff , so I can't just give it away . And when I say " it's not for sale " , they're grabbing them tighter and saying , " Come on , I'm sure it is . " So I yell for my friends and when they show up the kids leave , but then they come back . . . WITH KNIVES .
And THEN , I woke up !
I thought you said this was a good story !
It is !
THE STORY DOESN'T END THERE . I used IMAGINATION to see what happens next ! We defeated the kids using punches , and then you were secretly one kid on another kid's shoulders wearing a Utahraptor suit , so I had to punch you too !
Huh . I guess I prefer your unconscious mind's stories to your conscious efforts ?
My conscious mind says " ouch " but my unconscious says . . . " hey thanks me too " ? ! What the hell , unconscious ! ! We're ALL on the same team , and you need to stay CONSCIOUS of that !
OH , SICK BURN
So , um . . . I guess I'll talk to you later huh
Why I want to go into space , an essay by me , T - Rex !
* ahem *
PROBABLY BECAUSE IT'S AWESOME ? ?
THE END
Why I want to go into space , an essay by me , Utahraptor !
Hooray !
Exploration of the universe is our first , best destiny and it concerns me that we are putting all of our eggs into one increasingly fragile basket . Let's put some eggs in other baskets ! The baskets are planets , and the eggs , us .
OHHH I get it now
THE END
NOTE : DINOSAURS WENT EXTINCT WHEN THE EARTH WAS HIT BY AN ASTEROID , WHICH IS SAD BUT IT WORKS REALLY WELL FOR THIS PARTICULAR COMIC
Mars ! Let's go there . I really REALLY think we should go to Mars , you guys .
LET'S GO TO MARS
Hey T - Rex ! Do you know a place where it's always warm and where you instantly lose 60 % of your weight ?
Oh man ! Is it Mars ? It's Mars , isn't it ? ?
It's Ma -
LET US GO TO MARS .
Hey T - Rex ! Do you know MY favourite planet named after a war god ?
I believe it's Mars and I think we should go there ?
But before that , do you want to come to a party tonight ? I've got lots of food and drinks and I'm inviting only the most interesting and therefore sexy people .
Sounds rad ! Where is it ?
Oh , I don't know . . .
MARS
HUNDREDS OF YEARS LATER :
Guyyyyys
Mars sucks , let's terraform VENUS
EIGHT YEARS AGO :
Today is a good day I think for being remembered ! And * I * will be immortalized by kicking an evil kangaroo one thousand times . Right in the bum !
NOW :
[ [ thinking ] ] kangaroo kicks
Aw , frig ! !
I was supposed to be kicking kangaroos all this time and my kangaroo kick count is still only at - what , five ? I NEED TO UP MY GAME BY SEVERAL NOTCHES . What if . . . what if I kicked a kangaroo TWO thousand times instead ?
What if you found something to do that bettered yourself AND the world around you ?
Dromiceiomimus
I'm not sure what you think kicking a kangaroo is
Yeah , I don't get this kangaroo kicking thing either !
It's trackable !
I dedicate my life to working tirelessly for the grater good , and I never know if I'm making progress . I dedicate my life to kicking an evil kangaroo two thousand times , and with every kick I can say " Hey ! PROGRESS . "
But do something positive ! Donate $ 100 to charity two thousand times instead !
. . .
. . . I'm already five kicks in dude ; I'm kinda committed now
What's that ? The internet is down ? FFFFFFFUUUUUUUUUUUU -
- nnily enough , I carry a backup internet in my phone !
My phone internet is down ? FFFFF -
- ortunately , there's a library nearby !
SOON :
What's that , the library is closed ? Well , FRRRRIIIIII -
- day means that local restaurant that's only open on Fridays and has all the free WiFis is open !
SOON :
Today's not Friday ! They're closed and they turned off their internet .
Hey , you made the same mistake too ! Listen , is the internet working on your phone ?
Nope .
THEN I AM NOT TOO PROUD TO BEG . Please , excuse me for a moment .
Attention , everybody ! Can anyone send an email for me that reads " HEY MOM I ATE TOO MUCH LAST NIGHT LOL JK " ?
That's " EL OH EL JAY KAY "
That is my EMAIL SIGNATURE and it's AMAZING and you are not allowed to STEAL IT
HEY T - REX WHO WOULD WIN IN A FIGHT YOU OR ME
Dude , me ! Like all men , I secretly believe myself to be fully capable of punching out God .

But only if circumstances demanded it , obviously ! !
WHAT SORT OF CIRCUMSTANCES ARE WE TALKING ABOUT HERE
Say you challenge me to a debate and I decide to let my fists do the debating ! Or say you go rogue and the government sends me in as their last , best hope !
LAST BEST HOPE FOR PUNCHING OUT ME
GOD
Yep !
Hey T - Rex !
Hey Utahraptor , I'm glad you're here ! Listen , let me ask you , in your heart of hearts , do you believe yourself to be fully capable of punching out God ?
Because you think you could ? Let's see what you've got !
Utahraptor I'm currently flexing my right arm ! Do not be alarmed as you feel your heterosexuality crumbling in the face of my unbridled masculinity !
I'm already gay .
YES
It works in BOTH temporal directions
We dinosaurs are pretty badass . we're apex predators and we bend the world to our will ! We are the grea -
YOU'RE NOT AS BADASS AS SHARKS
Say whaaaat ?
T - REX HOW WERE YOU BORN
My mom laid an egg and then later on I PUNCHED MY WAY OUT !
YAWN
MOM SAND TIGER SHARKS HAVE TWO UTERI WHERE SCORES OF UNBORN BABIES FEED FROM A YOLK SACK UNTIL IT'S USED UP AT WHICH POINT THEY START EATING EACH OTHER
what
INSIDE THE WOMB
WHAT
THE TWO SURVIVORS ARE BORN FULLY ABLE TO DEFEND THEMSELVES
. . . alright that is ultimate badass
What is ?
Being born a seasoned combat veteran with the scars to prove it ? Being born a cannibal ? GETTING BORN ONLY BECAUSE YOU WERE THE TOUGHEST , HUNGRIEST FOETUS IN ALL OF U - TOWNE ? ?
Ah , sand tiger sharks . Yeah , they discovered this when one tried to eat the hand of a biologist during a maternal examination .
I never even tried to eat the hand of any animal till AFTER I was born .
Man !
* siiigh *
Aw frigs dangs and craps ! ! Circumstances and / or events have made me . . . ANGRY .
I AM SUPER MAD AND DON'T WANT TO TALK ABOUT IT / a web card
In fact I'm so angry that right now I don't even want to talk about my feelings . I KNOW IT SEEMS INCONCEIVABLE , but right now , at this moment , all I want to do is be alone . And angry . Mad will do too .
Yes , I think I'm going to dedicate a fair chunk of time towards exploring Mount Angry . I think I will plant my flag right at the top !
And you want the recipient of this card to leave you alone with your feelings ?
Yes please !
And to that end , we're opening the lines of communication and sending them a card preemptively .
YES . Does that not make sense ? Because we are no longer using the laws of vanilla " regular " logic , Utahraptor ! We are operating under ANGER LOGIC .
Anger logic says that anything that makes me mad is dumb and I hate it !
AND I'LL BE HONEST :
Anger logic's so great I kinda forget what we saw in regular logic in the first place
T - REX IS ON HIS WAY TO VISIT TINY TOWNE ISLAND
I'm off to see my friend , the Vice Mayor of Tiny Town himself : Mr . Tusks ! He's a tiny elephant with island dwarfism . It's been too LONG since I've last seen him !
Wait frig I mean it's been a TINY bit too long since I've last seen him .
Man , I messed it up ! I need to make " short " puns and I made a " long " pun instead . That's the opposite of short , and it's not even the opposite of the same SENSE of short ! I mean short in the " tiny " sense , not in the " as opposed to long " sense .
Don't you have a boat to catch ?
OH DAMN !
Hey , T - Rex , I -
No time to talk ; I've got a boat to catch !
But I was wondering if you could te -
WHY ARE WE STILL TALKING I'M LATE FOR MY BOAT
Geez , sorry !
I AM NOT RUDE ENOUGH TO LEAVE IN MID CONVERSATION BUT I AM JUST RUDE ENOUGH TO COMPLAIN ABOUT IT
TINY TOWNE ISLAND !
Oh Mr . Tusks , there you are ! What are you doing here on the beach ?
Hullo T - Rex ! Do you know what kind of waves wash up on Tiny Towne's Beaches ?
No , what ?
microwaves
Oh shit
Air gets boring ! Who here is bored with air ; keep breathing air if you're bored with air .
. . .
Wow , EVERYBODY ? ?
Luckily for us there are other things you can breathe instead of air ! SCIENTIFICALLY , air is about 78 % nitrogen , 20 % oxygen , and 2 % a bunch of other gasses that I don't care about right now . But you don't have to breathe that ! You can also breathe PURE OXYGEN , at least for a while ! Eventually fluid accumulates in your lungs but , I mean , WHATEVER .
You can also breathe some other non - air combination of those gases !
True , yet also boring !
Okay , you can also breathe PERFLUOROHEXANE , which is a liquid with enough space between molecules that it can carry oxygen in it - - more than blood can ! You can fill your lungs with it and breathe normally !
UTAHRAPTOR
WE HAVE TO DO THIS RIGHT NOW
The sensation of it filling your lungs is almost entirely like drowning though .
UTAHRAPTOR
THAT SOUNDS SHITTY
LET'S GO EAT BURGERS RIGHT NOW INSTEAD
EVERYTHING YOU NEED TO KNOW ABOUT KITCHENS
Kitchens ! There's a lot to know about kitchens . They're where you store and / or make food .
Hey ! Now you know everything you need to know about kitchens !
But what about design and sink placement ?
Well -
What about workflow analysis ? What about the work triangle ?
More like work BOREang -
What about wall storage ? What about counter height ? What about traffic flow ?
Oh my gosh !
What about the backsplash ? What about moisture issues ? What about material costs ?
OH MY GOSH .
OKAY OKAY , CLEARLY there are some people who have made kitchens a thing and are big into backsplash . I don't know , nor do I even care , what backsplash is !
It's the part on the wall behind the sink .
ARGH
LATER
Man ! This is THE WORST Friday morning I've ever had ! In three weeks . Involving kitchens .
. . . . Is what I'd say if it weren't for Friday two weeks ago
* sigh *
Hello ! I have some opinions about your name . Perhaps you'd like to hear them ?
I know you probably didn't choose it , but still . Your name .
Oh my god , your name .
I like you but sometimes I have trouble dealing with your ridiculous name .
So what's this person's name ?
Rather than saying it , I'll describe it !
You are one of five lucky children selected to tryout new ice cream flavours . Do you try " Hugsberry Lime " or " Pulp and Paper " ?
I -
It doesn't matter what you choose because you have a super dumb name ! Suddenly , you die of it .
Your score is zero points . Your name is carved on your gravestone ; beneath it your epitaph reads " Aw geez , I think someone messed up with his name . Good grief . "
It was ad - libbed by the gravestone carver in a SEVERE breach of professional protocol ! !
I guess we really had . . . Gone With The Wind .
I guess that really was . . . The Origin of Species .
I guess we really did each have our own . . . Great Expectations .
I guess we never really did learn how . . . To Kill A Mockingbird .
I guess we really had published . . . Bridgit Jones Diary .
I guess those really were Star Wars !
I guess they really DID work at . . . The Office .
I guess he really WAS an Iron Man !
In the end , I guess they really had crossed . . . The Bridges of Madison County .
In the end , I guess we all discovered . . . The Joy of Cooking
I guess they really did go . . . Back To The Future II !
LATER :
Someone broke in and added new last sentences to all the books at the library !
Hah hah , awesome !
Wait , sorry , I meant to say " oh no , how terrible ! "
Um , whoever did it sounds handsome ?
HEY T - REX WHAT'S THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN A WEBCARTOONIST AND A BROKEN FRIDGE
At least the fridge used to be cool !
MORE PROFESSION JOKES
this time optimized for WEBCARTOONISTS
What does a Salvation Army Santa and a webcartoonist have in common ?
Business model ! What do the Beatles and a webcartoonist have in common ?
They both ended up with about fifty hits !
People care when the fire burns out !
What's the difference between a webcartoonist and a pedophile ?
Your grandmother knows what a pedophile is ! What do a webcartoonist , Microsoft Windows , Adobe Reader , and Flash have in common ?
Eventually you ignore the updates ! !
Okay , seriously , though , no joking :
what's a webcartoonist
Ohhhh , my hot water heater's out again and I don't know what to say !
I've been taking cold showers almost everyday !
And though I know that entropy makes everything decay / It's kinda left the shower - based aspects of my life in disarray !
Based on a true story ?
Inspired by true events , yes ! !
Didn't you write a song the last time your hot water heater broke ?
Sure did !
I'm not much of a " songsmithery " but I guess I know my muse ! It's , um , cold showers .
Do you think there's a market for those songs ?
As long as folks with hot water want to be reminded of when that goes away , I'll be there to sing about that circumstance !
LATER :
I stopped singing my hot water heater songs ! No real reason , though .
I guess I just forgot that as soon as my hot water heater gets fixed , I instantly stop caring about hot water heaters forever
What would it be like to be a millionaire ? To have effectively unlimited disposable income ?
WHY DON'T YOU FIND ONE AND ASK THEM
That's not a bad idea !
The only problem is , I don't know any millionaires ! Where do you go to meet millionaires ? Is there like , a pool I could hang out in ? A pool where I can float over and say " Hey , you look nice , maybe we should be friends ? "
" I am the only non - millionaire in this pool . "
LATER :
That's the fifth pool this week , and no millionaires !
Just tiny women !
How is it we're SO GOOD at finding pools filled with very tiny women , but no good at finding pools filled with regular - sized millionaires ?
Are we CERTAIN the tiny women aren't millionaires ?
Yeah , dollars are way too big for them to hold in their tiny hands .
Yep !
There's a lot about our world that doesn't REALLY make sense
Folks say you should learn a new word every day . At that rate , you'd need a language with 30 , 000 words in it !
That's actually not that many so I guess we're good ! !
So today's Word of the Day means " a process whereby bacterium incorporates foreign DNA brought in by a modified F factor during conjugation . "
Ah , the modified F factor . So desirable in a mate , yet so hard to pin down !
I'm not 100 % sure what you think the modified F factor means , Dromiceiomius , but I WANT IN .
So we know the definition , but what's the word ?
Promise to use it at least once !
Okay , fine , I promise .
The word is " SEXDUCTION " .
Sexduction .
I will also accept clustured words like " sexductive " and " sexductological " .
LATER :
Boy , what a delicious yoghurt ! I bet it was made with all sorts of sexduction .
. . .
. . . Okay so I was never even that into yoghurt in the first place but that tears it !
Aladdin's a guy living in a mysterious city ! And a sorcerer shows up and asks him to retrieve a magic lamp from a booby - trapped cave and gives him a magic ring . Oh ! Also , everyone is Chinese .
THE STORY OF ALADDIN
as told in the 17th century
So Chinese Aladdin goes in and gets the lamp but gets trapped in the cave , so he rubs his ring , and a genie comes out . And the genie takes him home to his mom , who tries to clean the lamp , which makes a second , better genie come out . And there's no 3 - wish limit on THESE bad boys ! So Aladdin uses infinite wishes to become Super Rich With A Giant House And Married To The Princess of China Aladdin .
And then the sorcerer steals the lamp , right ?
Yep ! He wishes himself to Africa to escape !
But Aladdin still has Ring Genie who sends him there , and together they MURDER THE SORCERER . Then the sorcerer's brother shows up at Alladin's house in woman's clothing , so Aladdin murders him too . The end ! Oh he also becomes the Emperor of China ! Because infinite wishes , why not ?
In conclusion !
As he never wished for an end to suffering , Aladdin TRULY IS history's greatest monster .
T - REX AS YOU SPENT LAST NIGHT RUBBING EVERY LAMP IN YOUR HOUSE I FEEL COMPELLED TO GRANT YOU THREE WISHES
Sheesh finally ! !
Also that was a private time but WHATEVER !
My first wish is for more wishes !
NOT ALLOWED
My second wish is to remove restrictions on my wishes !
NOT ALLOWED
My third wish is for you to wish for me to wish for you to wish for ME to have more restriction - free wishes !
NOT ALLOWE -
ACTUALLY WAIT I NEVER BLOCKED THAT ONE
Yes ! NESTED WISHES PAYS OFF AGAIN . I've got infinite wishes ! !
Wish for an end to suffering !
Wait , first I need to wish that my wishes perform exactly as I expect , and that I can take them back at any point and undo their effects , EVEN IF I'M DEAD .
Also , make sure you can't wish away your ability to wish !
YES . This is gonna be great ! !
If you have a problem , yo , I'll solve it ! I'm just gonna wish ; that usually resolves it .
T - REX FOR MISQUOTING VANILLA ICE I'M TAKING AWAY ALL YOUR WISHES
THAT , my friend , is tough but fair
A VISION INTO ALTERNATE UNIVERSES

I'm looking in a mirror right now , which flips any reversed image back again !
also I shaved my goatee

This is the universe where we always rhyme !
. . .
. . .
Thinking of what to say next normally takes a little time

We're not made of chocolate ! We just eat a lot of it .
Choco organisms aren't viable .

These coloured lights we're under make you look green and me orange ! This is a relief , as our regular colour are so flabbergastingly insane that to gaze upon them is to be consumed by gibbering madness .
Man ! I know it .
We're all familiar with my amazing movie premise / actual film title , " The Earth Stops Spinning and Everybody Flies Into A Wall " ! Because of an unfair universe it remains SADLY UNPRODUCED , but I still came up with an awesome sequel :
" The Day After The Earth Stops Spinning And Everybody Flies Into A Wall " !
Those who survived , either by crashing into a lake OR through store awnings , now face a World Without Rotation ! Half the planet sits in six months of daylight while the other shivers through night , but their main problem isn't even that ! When the planet stopped spinning yesterday , oceans sloshed onto land , and today , THEY'RE NOT ALL GOING BACK .
Because without a spin there's no centrifugal force !
EXACTLY .
Spinning made the earth bulge at the equator AND pulled water up onto that bulge . With it gone the oceans settle above and below the only dry land left : a huge megacontinent wrapping around the equator .
Then what happens ?
The planet begins to contract into a more perfect sphere !
[ [ off - panel ] ] No I meant , what happens to the characters in the movie ?
Who has time for characters ? It's 2 hours of ocean crashng into things . And if you think that sounds boring , you've never seen an ocean crash into a farm !
The sheep put on snorkel gear ; it is PROBABLY the most adorable ?
Because the planet spins , the earth's liquid core acts as a dynamo , generating a magnetic field ! And magnetism is a force that can do work , but at our current rotational speed we only get about 60 microteslas of force , which ISN'T MUCH .
A stupid fridge magnet alone is 80 times stronger , and those are BORING !
But check it : multiply the Earth's magnetic field by a quarter of a million times , and you've got magnetic force to mess with the electrons in a frog's atoms enough that it LEVITATES . The average frog weighs 1 / 4000th of a human , so therefore with a billion times the earth's magnetic field EVERY HUMAN
So let's assume the planet's magnetic field increases linearly with rotation !
Sure , why not ?
Then to get your desired magnetic field you just need the planet to spin a billion times faster - at which point each day would last , oh I don't know , about 40 MILLIONTHS of a second .
Well frig ! ! At that speed , the planet would tear itself apart anyway ! I'm wasting my time !
If I can tear the planet apart , there's got to be easier ways to get a tiny woman off my couch ! THAT'S RIGHT TINY WOMAN , I NOTICED YOU HANGING OUT ON MY COUCH ; IT WEIRDED ME OUT AND I STARTED DOING MATH
So there was this guy who loved frisbees ! He played frisbee all the time . He was big into frisbees , you guys .
And then he died , and he had his body molded into memorial frisbees ! For his pals !
THIS IS AMAZING . I need to get big into something that if I'm ever done with my body , I can turn it into a thing for my friends ! I guess . . . I guess I knida like computers ?
There is no way I'm using flesh computer made from your earthly remains .
Wow .
. . . Really ?
They were his CREMATED remains that were made into frisbees !
OHHHHH ! That makes more sense .
I was picturing , you know , a fleshy eldritch horror , flying in the air .
No , T - Rex . This is a tasteful thing you to do after you die .
Man , " tasteful " is MOS DEF not on my list of " Five Adjectives or Adjective Phrases That Get Applied To Things I Do " !
That list is " stellar " , Rrad " , " peerless " , " prodigal " , and " done is such a way that it ruins me for other men " , in case you were wondering !
I wasn't !
" I wasn't anymore ! " , you mean !
. . . Because when it comes to T - Rex facts , I've TOTALLY got your back ?
GOOD EXCUSES FOR MISSING AN APPOINTMENT
Let's say you missed an appointment ! You probably need some good friggin' excuses !
Well ! Here they are .
" My wife was giving birth , and I guess I had to be there ! "
" The world can no longer support the demands made of it and civilization has collapsed in a Malthusian catastrophe to a pre - agricultural level ! "
" The roads were closed due to hail ? "
These are good , but they rely on a specific circumstances being true !
In particular , I'd imagine one might determine whether or not society has collapsed without investing too much effort . Also : hail .
Oh ! You're not supposed to use them if they're not true . I guess they're more " good reasons " than " good excuses " , bro !
Holy crap ! ! That was the first time I ever called someone " bro " ! !
Hey , English ! Why you gotta be so sexist ?
WHY YOU GOTTA BE SO SEXIST , ENGLISH
Why you gotta have a word like " old maid " , chock full of negative connotations for unmarried adult women , but there's no equivalently - negative term for unmarried adult men ?
And don't forget " spinster " !
Holy crap , ENGLISH ! Why you gotta be DOUBLE SEXIST ? ?
" Old and undesirable bachelor " ?
Not lexicalized ; doesn't count !
Well , language generally reflects usage , so REALLY you should be asking historical generations why they thought being an adult unmarried woman was SO TERRIBLE .
I can't ! They're all dead !
. . . which I guess means they paid for their sexism with THEIR VERY LIVES ? ?
Hah hah hah ! I finally have a way to deal with history being SO FULL of jerks ! The nice people from history who died will probably make me sad though .
. . .
You know , eventually !
Hey , English ! Despite my complaints yesterday , you're still super sexist ! My only question is as follows : what gives ?
What gives , English ?
How come a " master " and " mistress " are totally in charge of a situation , but a mistress is ALSO somebody's piece on the side ? How come " sir " and " madam " are respectful ways of addressing folks , but a madam ALSO runs a brothel ? How come a governor controls AN ENTIRE NATION , while a governess - wait for it - teaches a kid what a number is ?
Just thought you'd slip those extra meanings in and we wouldn't notice ?
A governess can also be a female governor !
Sure ! But the point is , the female words are polysemous in a way the others aren't . It's like if " Utahraptor " meant " good pal " but also " sex worker you hire to do your dishes because he sucks out loud at sex . " Would you want to be called " Utahraptor " ?
I AM good at doing dishes , and you are being SEX - NEGATIVE .
Oh my god , nobody is more sex - positive than me ! Watch this :
Yayyyyyy sex !
Now if you would kindly get off my case , I will rest it .
Holy crap , I think that couple is breaking up ! Oh my gosh oh my gosh what do I do oh my gosh ! !
Don't mind me , angry couple ! I'm just walking by disinterested !
Tra la la !
Phew ! Hey , Dromiceiomimus ! Don't look now , but the couple I passed behind me is TOTALLY breaking up !
Oh man ! !
Hello ? ?
I SAID " don't look now " , DROMICEIOMIMUS .
I should probably go ask them where they think it went wr -
Don't ask them anything !
The polite thing is to ignore them !
Frig , I think they noticed me ! ! Pretend like we're having a conversation , Utahraptor !
We ARE having a conversation !
Perfect ; that sounds like a 100 % legit conversation !
LATER :
Oh man ! Why did I ever buy an Xbox when other people's emotions are
SO
ENTERTAINING
I just woke up with the phrase " 50 million dollar church for squirrels " stuck in my head !
Um , so I guess THIS is what I should be doing with my life ?
The first issue is fifty million dollars is a LOT of dollars , especially just to give squirrels a place of worship . The second issue is , do squirrels even have spiritual lives ?
More importantly , do even they have spiritual lives that correspond with the church you're building ?
Frig , I don't even know if squirrels can conceptualize their own death ! !
The question is , is self - awareness truly necessary for spirituality AND IF SO , do squirrels have it ?
Who knows ? !
We're in the deep end of the philo - / theological pool here and THE LIFEGUARD JUST WENT ON BREAK .
Okay , PRACTICAL QUESTIONS : should all $ 50 million be spent on construction or should some be saved for maintenance ?
If you ask me , this whole squirrel church idea is nuts !
Hah hah hah
MEANWHILE , IN A PARALLEL UNIVERSE :
Hello , everybody ! I'm T - Rex and I'm here to endorse whatever product or service you'd like ! Turn on your microphones and digital recorders , because :
" I just can't get enough of . . . "
" the / this / a / your / you " , " wonderful / amazing / valuable / free / proven " , " new / enhanced / improved / guaranteed " , " service / product / lifestyle " , " that / which " , " now / greatly / somehow / always " , " saves / simplifies / complicates / meddles in " , " every / your society's / your children's / Grandma's " , " cooking / bedroom / office / cellar / beachhouse " , " performance / results / love / money / sex / career " !
Now I just wait for the money to roll in !
LATER :
I just can't get enough of this free new lifestyle that greatly complicates your children's office sex ! "
Welp , that's it for me . I had a good run , Utahraptor .
You did . If only you'd chosen less terrible words to say .
I think , somehow , we ALL knew that would be my epitaph .
THE END
When someone gives you a gift it's nice because they're nice to you , but it sucks because suddenly your reactions are
ON DISPLAY AND BEING JUDGED
and that's not nice ! Sometimes my reactions are bad , okay ? SOMETIMES , when I know my behaviour is being examined I instantly forget how to have interactions with others , how to sound sincere , AND where to put my hands when I'm not staring at them .
. . .
OH CRAP , talking about being weird about my hands has made me SUPER WEIRD about my hands ! !
Just gesture with them while you speak , dude !
Okay , right . Like . . . this ?
No , now you're just holding them out . Let them hang limply at your side , I guess ? Man . What DO we do with our hands when we're not staring at them ?
UTAHRAPTOR no , it got you too ! !
Your - your hands look weird
yours too
AND THEY NEVER LOOKED NORMAL AGAIN
THE END
First , I email tons of people the winners of tomorrow's horse race !
Only I don't really know who's gonna win tomorrow's horse race !
So I email different names to tons of different people , knowing that there'll be ONE groups that gets the correct winner , showing them that I apparently have FUTURE HORSE KNOWLEDGE . I then repeat the process on the winners over and over , until I've got a small group that's seen me be right EVERY SINGLE TIME . Then I say " enough freebies , you gotta pay me now " and have become a scam artiste !
It's a nice scam , but I don't pal around with scammers so you'll need to find a new bestie !
ENDING ONE :
Wait , does " bestie " mean " best friend " or is it a contraction of " best tie " ?
" Best friend " .
Well ! May I be the first to say :
Noooooooo
ENDING TWO :
The other ending has leaked over into this one !
Utahraptor !
I still really want to be pals ! !
I had the greatest idea just before I fell asleep last night ! It involved . . .
. . . lightning maybe ?
Hah hah , looks like I forgot it completely !
Hah hah , looks like what could've possibly been THE GREATEST THING EVER TO GRACE THIS PLANET was forgotten by the few pounds of fatty meat I carry around in my skull !
Hah hah , looks like it also could've been a terrible idea and you only thought it was great because you were about to become unconscious !
Hah hah , looks like we'll never know because we evolved brains that think it's cool to forget things without permission !
Hah hah , looks like it's super weird to assign agency to your own brain !
Hah hah !
Looks like there are untold millions of ideas and inventions all lost because the conscious mind was preparing to shut down for a bit and couldn't be bothered to save its work . Hah hah , looks like we'll never know what we lost ! HAH HAH , LOOKS LIKE HAVING A PHYSICAL BODY IS THE WORST .
Hah hah
Relationships ! Sometimes thay are hard , but NOT if you have a great captain for the ol' SS Relationship !
And he or she has a great crew !
And the crew has been trained by the best sailing minds of their generation , and each therefore braces themselves to their duty with the maximum of professional skill possible ; always learning , improving themselves AND their sailing .
And yet even so , a successful journey depends on the winds , and the weather , and on getting lucky with storms .
R -
Right .
Oh man , your metaphor fell apart there huh ?
It didn't !
It totally did ! You were all " what if a relationship is like a real ship " but then Dromiceiomimus was like , " Even the greatest ship crewed by legends can find itself wrecked on the shoals of an unfriendly shore . "
FINE . Relationships , like metaphors , are REALLY hard to get right .
And sometimes at the start of a new relationship / metaphor , the sex is really exciting and awesome !
Oh my god , are you actually getting sex for metaphors ? ?
Because , if so , I am willing to put WAY more effort into my metaphors
If we were all immortal , then obviously we'd have a overpopulation problem . But what are some of the less obvious downsides ? What does a world where everyone is immortal ACTUALLY look like ?
MORE DOWNSIDES TO IMMORTALITY
The sun rises on an unhappy . technologically underdeveloped world . Old racisms from thousands of years ago are still prevalent , conflicts that would otherwise have been completely forgotten still used as justification for reprisals . Positions of power have been held for hundreds , even thousands of years by one person : when assassination isn't an option , jobs are left only when they're no longer interesting ! Society ossifies .
But at least we're all frozen in peak physicality !
Sure !
And because of that , there's little concern about establishing a legacy . Skills , secrets , inventions and discoveries are jealously guarded , their potential returns stretching out over a lifetime that never ends . In summary and in conclusion , a world where everyone's immortal is bad for everyone !
However , a society in which ONLY I am immortal would have none of these problems . Hey God , folks say you are always listening !
In this case , may I suggest you should be TAKING NOTES
I think I'd be really good at writing comedy ! And I also think I'd be great at writing horror and EROTICAL FICTION / BIOGRAPHY .
They're all genres wherein your body tells you when you're doing it right !
If I write good comedy , I know it's good because I laugh ! And good horror and erotica provoke a physical response too : scaredy emotions and / or PRIVATE TIMES , respectively . My body lets me know " Hey , this bit works . Good job . " by PHYSICALLY CHANGING STATE , which when you think about it , is basically amazing .
And that's why humour , horror and erotica are the # 1 best genres !
But your body changes all the time !
If you write a really dramatic scene , your heart rate goes up !
Come on ! Who writes drama hooked up to a heart monitor ?
The extre -
Um , BESIDES THE EXTREMELY ELDERLY , OBVIOUSLY .
Um , IT'S REALLY SAD TO CONSIDER LIVING THAT WAY , OBVIOUSLY .
Who here likes waiting ? Raise your hand .
Wow nobody ?
I guess that's because most of us have finite lifespans , and waiting steals TINY NIBBLES from our metaphorical life cookie !
Some things are worth the wait .
Like what ?
. . . Ice cream ?
. . . Chicken wings ?
Bah !
I can get both of those at the corner store , AND they're open 24 hours a day for my convenience !
Yeah , but they're not quality ! Sometimes quality takes time .
Sometimes YOUR MOM takes time !
. . . to write back to my emails . * sigh *
T - REX LET'S ASSUME THAT SOMEHOW YOU WILL NEVER DIE OF NATURAL CAUSES
I hope that by " assume " you mean " make it so " SO MUCH that I'm going to pretend that's what you said ! Immortality , here I come !
THAT'S STILL NOT IMMORTALITY DUDE
Impossible !
NO YOU'RE STILL MORTAL THE ONLY DIFFERENCE IS YOU WON'T DIE FROM YOUR BODY GETTING OLD INSTEAD EVERYTHING AROUND YOU WILL BE TRYING TO KILL YOU
YOU KNOW
ACCIDENTS AND WHAT NOT
Hah ! I'm PRETTY SURE I can avoid tripping down the stairs if it means LIVING FOREVER .
Pretty sure I can prove you can't !
Pretty sure I can get a book on how to hold the handrail !
T - Rex , forever is INFINITY LONG . Even if you're super careful and have only 1 in 10 trillion chance of dying on the stairs , how often can you expect that happens if you live , oh , I don't know , 10 TRILLION YEARS ?
O - Once ?
And if you live INFINITY YEARS , the chance of you dying from it becomes 1 : TOTAL CERTAINTY .
With an infinite natural lifespan , the chance you die of ANYTHING raises to 1 . Literally the entire universe will kill you , if you give it enough time .
That means if I live long enough YOU'LL kill me too ! Oh man ! !
This friendship just got . . . DANGEROUS .
T - REX YESTERDAY WHEN YOU AGREED EVERYTHING COULD KILL YOU I DON'T THINK YOU CONSIDERED A 4D PAST LIGHT HYPERCONE INTERACTING WITH THE HYPER - SURFACE OF THE PRESENT
Yeah , that sounds about right !
HOLD ON LET ME REDUCE THAT TO 3D AND ALSO BE A LITTLE MORE GRAPHIC
YO CHECK IT
ONLY THINGS IN YOUR PAST LIGHT CONE CAN AFFECT / KILL YOU
Because nothing travels faster than light !
Huh ?
If some sucky jerk is 50 million light years away , he can't kill me ! He's not inside my past light cone . Hah hah ! I'M INVINCIBLE against far - away chunks of the universe ! SUCK ON THAT , distant matter ! !
But your past light cone expands with time . Eventually it'll encompass the entire universe !
My point is : if that jerk fired a light - speed bullet 50 million light years ago at where you are right now , you'll get shot right . . . about . . . NOW .
. . .
Hah hah !
Not only is he a SUCKY JERK , but his aim STINKS
If gravity reversed right now I would be so pooched ! Please RT if gravity reversed right now and you would be so pooched !
. . . You're not on Twitter right now , T - Rex . On that subject : I followed you on Twitter for about 10 minutes , but everything you posted was . . . insane ?
Dromiceiomimus , I will be honest : I'm not ONE HUNDRED percent certain what Twitter does , but does this mean that you will not be please RTing ?
If gravity reverses , then matter repels instead of attracting !
And . . . ?
And we're ALL pooched !
It's not just " we flaot off into the sky " . The earth's core becomes a bomb , everything blasts away from the sun , and the universe eventuallyends up being a fine mist of particles each trying to get as far away as possible from all the other particles . Good one , T - Rex .
MEANWHILEM IN THE UNIVERSE WHERE GRAVITY REVERSED RIGHT . . . NOW :
Holy crap ! !
This first part is AMAZING ! !
Our first question comes from Dromiceiomimus , who writes ,
" T - Rex , why are you opening the Professor's mail ? "
" If you are reading this then I know that you can't be trusted with a Professor's mail . Your epitath will be 'Here Lies T - Rex : Okay , Listen , Keep Your Mail The Heck Away From This Guy . ' You may even be reading his email in front of m - "
Oh , hey , Dromiceiomimus !
As you can see , I took the opportunity to memorize your ENTIRE LETTER .
By rote , it seems !
Huh ?
It doesn't look like you've read her letter , just memorized it .
Oh , I actually listen ( and read ! ) through fantastic luck , guessing at what words mean / are ! Thern to talk I just flap my lips and folks seem to get it ! I don't get it ! I don't really know a single thing about any language . I'm just incredibly ASTRONOMICALLY lucky .
I'm probably the most improbably thing to happen ever in time . Hey , let's ask Professor Science precisely how unlikely my circumstances are !
Why ? You're joking , right ?
I believe it is literally impossible to tell !
It's Wednesday ! Come with me on a JOURNEY OF EDUCATION as we learn how movies are made ! !
Movies are made by film cameras and other advanced technology !
With the right technology , a robot can be programmed to point a video camera at other robots doing something interesting , and a computer program can be designed to automatically choose the most interessting shots and cut them up into a major motion picture , exploding onto the screens at a cinema near you ! !
And THAT'S how movies are made !
Funny , I thought directors and actors were usually involved !
Why ?
Why involve FALLIBLE TALKING MEAT when we have robots , programmed to be infallible , and also not to be meat ?
I guess PROBABLY because we don't have such robots .
Hey , here's an INCREDIBLE fact : go on any set , yell " Robots , ENGAGE OMEGA DIRECTIVE ALPHA ! " , and the director will love you for life ! !
* sigh *
Here's a credible fact : I have never been near a movie set in my life
God you answer people's prayers , right ? Folks are always saying how you answer prayers .
SURE
I GUESS
But that's terrible ! !
Because if you do what someone's praying for , then either FALLABLE , GREEDY MORTALS are influencing your Divine Plan , or you're already doing what you were going to do anyway and any answered prayer is mere coincidence ! RIDDLE ME THAT !
YOU DIDN'T ASK ME A RIDDLE
FINE . What has four legs in the morning , etc , it's humanity .
MAN THAT'S A GOOD ONE
I know , right ? I learnt it from a half cat / half dude dude !
The POINT IS , it seems like prayer is either a pretty serious problem with divinity or a complete waste of time . How do you respond to these charges ? !
Me ?
No , GOD . CLEARLY I WAS TALKING TO GOD .
Oh hah hah because for a second there you looked like a crazy person is all
T - REX IF I ONLY DID THE MOST POPULAR PRAYERS WOULD YOU BE HAPPY
If that were true , then the FUTURE ITSELF becomes a friggin' popularity contest ! !
Although that would mean we'd all get immortal talking puppies ; listen , I need to get back to you on this one
SHORT VERSIONS OF CLASSIC WORKS OF ART IN COMICS FORM
tl ; dr : short things
THE MONA LISA :
A woman smiles , a little bit ? Let's obsess about that .
STARRY NIGHT :
Van Gogh painted it , it's kinda trippy . Let's imagine it right now !
Whoaaahhhh
HAMLET :
To be or not to be , that is the -
- play this comes from !
BEETHOVEN'S NINTH SYMPHONY :
Dah dah dah dah , dah dah dah dah , dah dah dah DAH DAHHHH dahdah !
That was beautiful !
Yes ; I'm glad we could all hear it instead of just reading about it later in some lesser medium .
MICHALENGO'S DAVID :
Statue of a naked dude kinda doing this , and you can see his ween ! Let's all pretend we're not staring at a larger than life stone - cold ween .
I'm still looking though !
It turns out the world is chock full of IMAGINARY INVISIBLE LINES , and if I cross some of them , NOT ONLY do become a wanted felon , but I also get to be shot and killed !
Borders : SUPER WEIRD ? ?
At some point someone had to sit down and sad " Whoah ! Hold on , everyone ! I just imagined an invisible something SO IMPORTANT that if you refuse to imagine the exact same thing , then we all get to kill you ! " That's some pretty hard - core imagination , fella ! One time I imagined a hat that you put drinks in and then you get to drink out of the hat , but it turned out that was already invented .
. . . I forget where I was going with this
Borders : super weird ?
Borders : SUPER WEIRD ! !
Entire communities live on borders , some even straddling their imaginary line . And if enough people decide to imagine it differently , the line can change : you go to bed in Country Boringtimes and wake ip in Country Omega , where It's Always Two For One Tacos !
Granted , that's the best possible scenario .
* sigh *
The greatest proof we're not meant to be happy all the time is that Country Omega doesn't exist and yet is SO EASY to imagine !
You just take an existing country and add universal two for one tacos !
I KNOW ; I JUST SAID IT WAS REALLY EASY
DINOSAUR COMICS PRESENTS : " DEGREES OF INFORMATION "
FIRST HAND :
I ate a sandwich the size of my head !
SECOND HAND :
I heard that guy ate a sandwich the size of this head !
THIRD HAND :
I heard some guy heard that some OTHER guy ate a sandwich the size of THIRTEEN HEADS !
Which guy ?
I don't know !
Some jerk , probably
FIRST HAND REFLEXIVE :
I saw a guy eat a sandwich the size of his head - in a mirror !
It was you .
NICE ! !
MAXIMUM - POSSIBLE HAND :
I was literally the last person in the universe to find out that some guy ate a sandwich the size of his head ! ! And the guy who told me was the second - last to find out , and so on inductively !
* sigh *
Life's funny sometimes , Utahraptor
ZEROTH HAND :
Be no afraid , for I am pure information given form , as perfect , raw and freebased truth . Gaze upon me and you gaze upon the face of fact .
Okay so that guy totally ate a sandwich the size of his head ! !
GREETING T - REX I COME TO YOU WITH A QUERY
. . . Proceed .
DO YOU BELIEVE AN OPTIONALLY NON - DESTRUCTIVE SANDBOX GAME IS POSSIBLE
Um , yes , I guess ?
BECAUSE I DREAM OF A GAME WHERE I CAN SET UP SHOP AS A TOYMAKER BUILDING WOODEN TOYS FOR CHILDREN AND THE REAL POINT OF THE GAME IS TO BLOW UP CARS FOR POINTS
BUT YOU DON'T HAVE TO AND I HAVE CHOSEN FOR MYSELF THE QUIET AND NOBLE LIFE OF A WOODCARVER
THEN LATER WHEN THAT GETS BORING I CAN BLOW UP CARS
So you want a game where you can do - anything ?
They have a name for that : REALITY .
Cute , but it avoids the central issue which is this : we all want a reality where we act on whims and have a total freedom and blow up cars for points , but can still buil a life , fall in love , and use cheat codes when things get boring .
. . . I actually DO want that reality .
See ? I do too !
SEE PEOPLE ALWAYS CLAIM THAT I AM BASICALLY THE WORST DUDE EVER BUT IF THAT WERE TRUE THEN YOU MUST ANSWER ME THIS
HOW COME I CAN THINK OF SUCH AWESOME THINGS TO DO ON XBOXES
Sometimes if you have a festering wound , doctors will prescribe maggots ! Certain breeds only eat dead tissue and ignore healthy tissue , which cleans out the wound at a level a surgeon simply couldn't ! NICE .
SECRETS OF THE MEDICAL PROFESSION .
That's no secret , T - Rex ! Maggot debridement has been around since antiquity .
Sure , but not ALL maggots only eat dead tissue ! Sometimes if you leave a wound untreated , maggots that eat ANYTHING will hatch and live there . It's gross . I think we can all agree that physical bodies are gross , Dromiceiomimus .
No argument here .
So go to the hospital and have them removed !
Sure !
But removing them can be tricky , as if they burst infection can follow . IF ONLY there was some secret way to lure maggots out of a wound , something SO DELICIOUS - SO IRRESISTABLE that not a single member of the animal kingdom can resist its wonderfu -
Is it bacon ?
It's bacon , yeah !
BACON - Delicious in a sandwich - Great at wound maggot removal - Still 0 grams of trans fat per serving -
Once upon a time there was a SERIOUSLY spooky ghost !
No , wait . It can be done better .
* ahem *
Antonio Tony could see dead people !
Every room was packed for him , as there was a ghost for everyone who ever lived . Ghosts of explorers from hundreds of years ago wandered the downtown core bumping shoulders with the ancient ghosts of their earliest ancestors . And it wasn't just people : the seas were filled with 270 million years of ghostly trilobites , and long - extinct animals roamed the skies - many not found in any textbook . Antonio had checked .
This is actually an awesome premise : the air nearly opaque with dead insects !
Thanks , but I'm not done yet !
Antonio took notes on some of the ghosts , dragging their mangled , legless bodies through malls , parks , and stadiums . He knew any book he produced would be invaluable to historians , but also knew anything he produced would be seen as fiction .
NICE .
It was then that the first spaceship landed .
The ships appeared puzzlingly empty , as only Antonio could see ghost alien shock troops pouring out ! He must now recruit the very best of Earth's history to fight this secret war for survival ! !
Man !
I wish I had more time to talk about this awesome premise ; OH WELL
Amelia and Antonio Tony were two original characters COPYRIGHT ME who were having sex intercourse ! They were having it in a manner that would be arousing to a third party reading about these events after the face .
Hey ! That's your cur , readers !
" Wow , so arousing , " whispered the first reader of the story , increasingly aroused . " I found the information on the first reader somewhat less arousing than the original story " , said the second reader , her arousal waning . The third reader threw away this book in disgust as it was extremely difficult to get aroused to / with , but only after writing , in the past tense , about what he was abut to do .
So we read your story , add on our own experience , and pass it on ?
Yep !
The result is an object that is at once reviewed AND reviewer , challenging the classical divide between the two and inviting us to examine our own preconceptions !
It sounds boring .
IT SOUNDS LIKE ART AND YOU SHOULD LIKE IT .
ALSO MAYBE THIS WASN'T CLEAR :
INITIALLY THERE'S PORNS
DOG JOKES
Who wants to hear jokes about dogs ? ! I sure hope you do !
AND I SURE HOPE YOU BROUGHT SOME , because I'm tapped !
Well , this has been a disappointing morning
THE END
CAT JOKES
Who wants to hear jokes about cats ? ! I sure hope -
- you know some !
Because if not I'm going into the bank and saying " I am T - Rex wearing a Utahraptor mask , and the next time I come here WITHOUT my Utahraptor mask I'm totally robbing this place ! These words forever take precedence over any denials I may say in the future . "
. . . MAN . That's water - tight !
Okay , you've earned this one , my friend ! What kind of cat keeps your grass short ? A lawn MEOWer !
Wow
On second thought I'm doing that bank thing anyway
You and your friends stand in a field , alone , too far away to really talk to each other . You wait there while someone else's friends line up and take turns hitting balls at you . And it's not like they're soft . They're really hard . You can catch them if you want .
BASEBALL AS SHE IS PLAYED
If you catch the ball , then they don't get a point , nothing changes , and we've all been wasting our time . If you DON'T catch the ball , then they get to run in a big circle and get some points based on how much of a circle they ran in . A full circle is worth a whopping one point ! Also , no fractional points are awarded . Have fun , you guys !
This doesn't sound like a very interesting game !
Hah ! Oh , Utahraptor .
Baseball isn't played because it's INTERESTING . Baseball is played because without darkness we would not appreciate the light : without sorrow , we would not appreciate joy . Baseball makes us savour life and reminds us to treasure every second we have on this beautiful planet , because such moments may never come again .
Baseball is played , my dear friend , because without it we would not appreciate the times when we don't have to play baseball .
THE END
Does anybody else want Mexican food for dinner ? Like - always ? Like 24 hours a day I would eat Mexican food if it were physically possible ?
DOES ANYBODY ELSE
Does anybody else find themselves getting sincerely angry at what fictional characters do ? I think about it often . Maybe too often ?
I don't know .
Why do they make so many mistakes ?
Does anybody else like sleeping when they're tired ?
Me ! I TOTALLY do !
Does anybody else find foods that are heavy in protein , salts , and fats to be delicious ?
I do ! Does anybody else sometimes wish the things they regret had gone differently ?
* gasp *
Sometimes I do wish that ! !
LATER
Does anyone else's web browser have this weird bug here the internet's really boring and then you get sad
Two people decide that they've got some genitals they're not using right now , and that THIS , my friend , is kind of a waste !
SEX AS SHE IS PLAYED
So they agree that it's time to sex , and then they go away and we all wonder what's going on ! But not for too long because one comes out and says " We're gonna 'do it' " and we all go " Ohhhhh " and then they come back again and say " That means we're gonna have sexual intercourse " and the last person goes " OHHHHH . " He's the slow one .
OHHHHH .
Then what happens ?
Then we cheat ! WE CHEAT BIOLOGY ITSELF .
Millions of years of evolution made sex feel amazing and be super hot so we'd do it all the time and make babies ! But we use birth control and have awesome fun times WITHOUT a lifetime of parental responsibility . Take that , evolution ! Take that , biology ! Take that , ADULT RESPONSIBILITIES ! !
I'd now like to address my body directly from a moment . Thanks for teaming up with science and being SO AWESOME , my body . Seriously : thanks bro .
* ahem *
Some thanks go out to the bodies of everyone else too I GUESS
As all my TRUE friends know , I own a dog ! Or should I say . . . he owns ME ?
Nope ! Our legal system is set up such that dogs cannot own property .
THE END
It seemed like you were going to say something about your dog ?
Oh yeah ! I was gonna say he's hard to train !
But then when I thought about it and even my small successes mean I've somehow engaged in TRANSSPECIES COMMUNICATION with an animal , building a new language as we go , and the whole thing seemed so amazing and sciency that I had to sit down . I can talk to dogs !
Transspecies communication isn't that amazing though !
I'm not the same species as you and we talk easily enough .
Hah ! . . . What ?
You and I are different species , T - Rex .
HAH
WHAT
As all my TRUE friends know , I own a dog ! Or should I say . . . he owns ME ?
Nope ! Our legal system is set up such that dogs cannot own property .
THE END
It seemed like you were going to say something about your dog ?
Oh yeah ! I was gonna say he's hard to train !
But then when I thought about it and even my small successes mean I've somehow engaged in TRANSSPECIES COMMUNICATION with an animal , building a new language as we go , and the whole thing seemed so amazing and sciency that I had to sit down . I can talk to dogs !
Transspecies communication isn't that amazing though !
I'm not the same species as you and we talk easily enough .
Hah ! . . . What ?
You and I are different species , T - Rex .
HAH
WHAT
T - REX WHAT IS YOUR FAVOURITE COLOR
Narrow it to a shade , brotimes !
T - REX WHAT IS YOUR FAVOURITE SHADE OF BROWN
Dude ! It's this delightful deep brown , kind of a burnt umber ?
It was a super popular color with 16th and 17th centruy painters . It only stopped being made when we used up the necessary ingredients .
Really ! Which ingredient did we use up ?
Well , I don't want this to be a " thing " , Dromiceiomimus , but it's called " mummy brown " and it's KINDA made from ground - up mummies .
It's " kinda " made from ground - up mummies ?
OKAY IT'S LITERALLY MADE FROM GROUND - UP MUMMIES .
We dug up actual consecrated remains and ground 'em into dust and painted with them , OKAY ? ? And we kept it up for generations , stopping only when the corpses ran out . I don't know what this says about us as a people , but we've all just got to live with it . PAINTING WITH GROUND - UP BODIES : A A PART OF OUR HERITAGE .
MEANWHILE IN THE UNIVERSE WHERE T - REX IS MAKING FIRST CONTACT WITH AN INCREDIBLY POWERFUL ALIEN INTELLIGENCE :
Our first test of your species is this : tell us about your favourite shade of brown , T - Rex .
Um . . . ha ha
T - REX WHY DON'T YOU RATE ALL YOUR FRIEND FROM BEST TO WORST
That sounds like a recipe for social disaster !
AND INCLUDE ME ON THE LIST
GOD
THE DUDE WHO INVENTED EVERYTHING
Maaan !
You're totally assuming that there's one ranking that captures an entire friendship ! The rating would be different if I'm going by helpfulness in an underwater adventure or by usefulness in a situation in which claws are needed !
OKAY THAT'S NICE BUT I'M KINDA GOD OVER HERE AND IF I NEED CLAWS I CAN GROW THEM
AS SO
* SNIKT *
I'VE GOT WOLVERINE CLAWS LIKE FROM THE COMIC WOLVERINE
Aw geez !
What's up ?
God gave himself Wolverine claws . But I can't imagine what possible use they'd have for a divine being !
Well , if you had god powers , wouldn't YOU use them to get Wolverine claws ?
Obvs , but I kinda thought that was the reason why I didn't have god powers !
I'M THE BEST THERE IS AT WHAT I DO T - REX
AND WHAT I DO SURPASSES ALL MORTAL UNDERSTANDING
Maaaaaaaan
You know those guys who are quiet and unassuming but when they die folks look in their house and find an AMAZING unpublished manuscript that nobody know they were writing ?
I would like to be one of those guys , please !
I would also like not to die , please !
All I REALLY want is someone to look through my stuff when I'm not around and find something that makes them say , " Wow , T - Rex had such a rich and inner life and incredibly powerful imagination ; I guess he really WAS one of the greatest minds of this or - I'll say it - any other generation . "
What did you have in mind to leave behind to make people say this ?
I dunno - neatly pressed shirts ?
Neatly pressed shirts . Really ?
Incidentally , do you know how to press shirts ?
I do , yes , because I am an adult . Listen , if you ARE secretly working on a 15 , 145 page magnum opus or something , the whole point of this is you're never supposed to mention it ! Otherwise we might suspect and the surprise is RUINED .
Suspect what ? That I'm secretly a genius author ? Allow me to be the first to say :
PROCEED
Sure , it's great to be conscious and be able to envision ourselves and imagine possible futures and make decisions and all that .
Consciousness : pretty okay !
But I alone dare to ask : what's next ?
What does SUPERconsciousness look like , you guys ? Or , if I am looking to get beat up , what features do you see milestoned for consciousness 2 . 0 ?
T - Rex , are you looking to get beat up ?
With that sentence , yes .
There is no denying it
Well , I think memory could totally use some improvement !
Explain !
It's unreliable , but we rely on it both to make decisions and predict the future . A more accurate memory could give better - informed outcomes on both . Heck , a SHARED memory would be incredibly powerful ! I'd like that .
But then you'd know my secrets !
And you'd know mine !
Utahraptor , that's all well and good but I've got some secrets I can't see myself sharing ! For example , and I never thought I'd ever tell anyone this , but , well , this one time -
. . . I'm PRETTY SURE I figured out a way to have sex when it's JUST YOU
Sure , it's easy to say the Loch Ness Monster is a myth !
BUT WE'RE NOT ABOUT TO TAKE THE EASY WAY OUT .
Sure , that first , most famous photo of Nessie was revealed as a fraud . SURE , when interest in the area began people immediately started staging hoaxes . And SURE , a complete search of the Loch was done with sonar beams AND satellite tracking and porved that nothing larger than a buoy was hidden there .
Sounds like she doesn't exist to me !
Maybe she could have been there in the past ?
Exactly !
Maybe she WAS there , but she died . Cause of death : TERMINAL REALNESS .
And she as gobbled by smaller animals and left no trace ?
Yes ! It is a theory impossible to disprove , unless someone invents time travel , and if that happens I'm sure we'd have bet -
SUDDENLY ! !
T - Rex , it's me , you from the future ! I've come back in time to high five myself .
Whoah ! Ready and able , sir ! !
I've been thinking about time travel lately !
YOU THINK ABOUT TIME TRAVEL CONSTANTLY
That's true ; I AM pretty great !
And it occurs to me that time travel will revolutionize the social sciences !
For the first time ever these " social " sciences can become true hard - core sciences : we'll be able to do EXPERIMENTS . Go back in time to an interesting economic situation and see how different solutions work ! We'll finally be able to control initial conditions !
But then when you go back to your own time , things might have changed !
TRUE .
So run the experiments on the future !
It is the perfect solution !
We choose a FUTURE interesting time , experiment all we want , and then go back to the present and present the results .
Yes ! We will mine the future . . . for SCIENCE . And who cares if the future is in a constant state of flux ? We don't live there ! NOBODY WE KNOW LIVES THERE .
YOU MIGHT EVENTUALLY LIVE THERE , T - REX
Whatever , man ! You know what my super - sarcastic answer to all problems is , once we invent a time machine ?
" OH NO "
" IF ONLY THIS WAS A PROBLEM THAT COULD BE SOLVED WITH A TIME MACHINE "
I've been thinking about time travel lately !
YOU THINK ABOUT TIME TRAVEL CONSTANTLY
That's true ; I AM pretty great !
And it occurs to me that time travel will revolutionize the social sciences !
For the first time ever these " social " sciences can become true hard - core sciences : we'll be able to do EXPERIMENTS . Go back in time to an interesting economic situation and see how different solutions work ! We'll finally be able to control initial conditions !
But then when you go back to your own time , things might have changed !
TRUE .
So run the experiments on the future !
It is the perfect solution !
We choose a FUTURE interesting time , experiment all we want , and then go back to the present and present the results .
Yes ! We will mine the future . . . for SCIENCE . And who cares if the future is in a constant state of flux ? We don't live there ! NOBODY WE KNOW LIVES THERE .
YOU MIGHT EVENTUALLY LIVE THERE , T - REX
Whatever , man ! You know what my super - sarcastic answer to all problems is , once we invent a time machine ?
" OH NO "
" IF ONLY THIS WAS A PROBLEM THAT COULD BE SOLVED WITH A TIME MACHINE "
I've made another fantastic discovery : a discovery bound to send those music theorists back to their dusty ol' drawing boards ( one dusty ol' drawing board per theorist ) ! For you see . . .
I've discovered how to turn most any song into a love song !
As long as the song mentions " life " , you can replace it with the word " wife " and HEY PRESTO : a love song ! About wives !
A love song featuring heterosexual relationships only ?
Nuh - uh ! If someone sings to the people of the world to spice up their wife , WHICH HAS HAPPENED , I WAS THERE , then it's not totally heterosexual any more !
I feel like the " baby " to " matey " sea chanty conversion is more compelling !
I ask you to withhold judgment !
Consider " It's My Wife " , " Wife After Death " ( sometimes these songs get sad ) , " This Is The Wife " ( a spouse may need pointing out ) , " Bring Me To Wife " ( even GRAMMAR ITSELF cannot hold in the face of such raw emotion / transport demands ) , and " The Circle Of Wife " . It moves all all , Utahraptor .
Through despair and hope .
Well , in that case , I hope you have the Time Of Your Wife .
Yes ! !
( Usually this is the same time as others keep , but SOMETIMES , wives may disagree with the consensus . )
I have come up with a game mod that will please everyone , even . . . THE DEVIL .
UNLIKELY
It's a mod for Grand Theft Autos !
. . . PROCEED
It's like normal , but when you die you wake up in a hospital !
Only you're not just put out on the street again : you're in traction , unable to move . Critical condition . You can watch TV , during those moments when you're conscious . You can talk to your parents when they visit , try to explain why you did what you did . Why did you do those terrible things ? You don't know .
Here's a hard truth : there's no button to understand the past .
But what if you don't survive ?
Then you wake up in hospital dead !
And you play as a friend or family member , staring at your body , wondering where it all went wrong . People can always surprise you , can't they ? But that doesn't mean the surprises are going to be good ones .
And then they can go outside and blow up cars ?
Haha , YEP ! It's so awesome .
Everyone's trying to grapple with these sprees , wondering if maybe folks ARE inherently awful , wondering if maybe one bad day is all that stands between them and the murderers they see on TV . You know this because you watch the same reports while in traction !
IT ALL WORKS
Yep , it certainly is the weekend ! Today is a day for MAXING and / or RELAXING .
IT'S ACTUALLY FRIDAY
FRIIIIIIII -
ONE WEEK LATER :
What are your plans for the weekend , Dromiceiomimus ? Because you'd better get started on them ! Today IS Saturday , after all .
It's actually Friday , T - Rex .
NOT AGAIIIIIIIIII -
ONE WEEK LATER :
Saturday : It's Right Now !
It's actually Friday !
THAT'S . . .
THAT'S THE THIRD TIME IN A ROW THIS HAS OCCURREEEEEEEEEE -
ONE WEEK LATER :
Hey God , is today Friday ?
YEP
Nice ! Okay , fine , I'll say it . Sometimes . . .
SOMETIMES you're a kind of handy guy to have around .
DROMICEIOMIMUS HAS GONE MISSING ! LET'S FIND HER
The first place to check is the last place anyone reported seeing her !
And * I * report seeing her just over here , a few minutes ago !
EARLIER :
Hey , Dromiceiomimus ! 'Sup ?
'Sup T - Rex !
'Sups all around , it would seem
BACK IN THE PRESENT :
Here in the present , Dromiceiomimus is still missing !
Oh no !
Are you 100 % sure she's missing ? Is it possible she went on vacation and you forgot ?
Utahraptor , please .
It is ENTIRELY POSSIBLE that happened .
LATER : DROMICEIOMIMUS RETURNS FROM VACATION
It was more of a " trip to the grocery store' than a vacation , T - Rex .
Did you get me a souvenier ? ? { { [ sic ] } }
Um - I got you some . . . whole wheat flour ?
YESSSSS
Everyone's always all " oh boo hoo hoo pi is a transcendental number that goes on forever " , and then they go on to sob , " oh man writing the precise value of pi out is gonna take a long time , boo hoo hoo . "
Walk it off , everyone ! !
It only takes forever because you're writing it in base 10 . Have you even TRIED writing out pi in base pi ? It's super easy . You know what pi is in base pi ? It's 10 . Ask me what pi is in base pi , Dromiceiomimus .
What's -
It's 10 .
I just said .
Ten .
So what's 2 + 2 decimal , answering in base pi ?
EASY ! In decimal that's 4 , so that's about 1 . 3 of a pi -
So in " pi - imal " it would be about 10 . 2 ? Approximately ? Look , it's gonna take an infinite number of digits to represent the answer .
That's some number system you got there , T - Rex .
Hey . In base pi the decimal point is called " the pi point " , which ALSO sounds like a nice bakery !
T - REX DID YOU JUST MAKE A PI / PIE JOKE BECAUSE I WARNED YOU I WOULD SHUT DOWN THE UNIVERSE IF THAT HAPPENED
I'VE DONE IT EIGHTY TRILLION TIMES BEFORE AND GUESS HOW MANY REGRETS I HAVE
. . . Zero ?
FINGER ON THE BUTTON HERE DUDE
Everyone's always all " oh boo hoo hoo pi is a transcendental number that goes on forever " , and then they go on to sob , " oh man writing the precise value of pi out is gonna take a long time , boo hoo hoo . "
Walk it off , everyone ! !
It only takes forever because you're writing it in base 10 . Have you even TRIED writing out pi in base pi ? It's super easy . You know what pi is in base pi ? It's 10 . Ask me what pi is in base pi , Dromiceiomimus .
What's -
It's 10 .
I just said .
Ten .
So what's 2 + 2 decimal , answering in base pi ?
EASY ! In decimal that's 4 , so that's about 1 . 3 of a pi -
So in " pi - imal " it would be about 10 . 2 ? Approximately ? Look , it's gonna take an infinite number of digits to represent the answer .
That's some number system you got there , T - Rex .
Hey . In base pi the decimal point is called " the pi point " , which ALSO sounds like a nice bakery !
T - REX DID YOU JUST MAKE A PI / PIE JOKE BECAUSE I WARNED YOU I WOULD SHUT DOWN THE UNIVERSE IF THAT HAPPENED
I'VE DONE IT EIGHTY TRILLION TIMES BEFORE AND GUESS HOW MANY REGRETS I HAVE
. . . Zero ?
FINGER ON THE BUTTON HERE DUDE
You know what's popular ? Rebooting old media franchises for today's hip , young , 3D generation ! And you know who can do popular things better ? I'll give you a hint , it was also an edition of Microsoft Windows .
ME
So here's the pitch : LASSIE - the dog everyone remembers , great at solving problems AND warning folks that Timmy fell down the well ! Only this time around , Timmy didn't fall down the well : he was PUSHED .
* gasp *
And the party responsible ? An evil dog who , instead of always saving people , is CONSTANTLY putting them into peril : CORPORAL SNUGGS .
A Joker to Lassie's Batman !
Exactly !
He focuses Lassie , giving her drive in her endless war against chaos . Plus , he's a Pomeranian who wears a cape . OH MY GOD . It's SO ADORABLE when Snuggs puts his paw on the launch button . Can Lassie stop the nukes in time ? Yeah probably but we should all watch to make sure !
I - I would actually watch this .
LATER : SOMEBODY ELSE OWNS THE RIGHTS TO LASSIE
I have therefore renamed " Timmy " to " Jimmy Olsen " and " Lassie " to " Clark Kent " !
LATER : SOMEBODY ELSE OWNS THE RIGHTS TO JIMMY OLSEN AND CLARK KENT
That was fast
T - REX HOW FRESH ARE YOUR BEATS
The freshest !
I REQUEST A SAMPLE
Boop boop ba - doopa doop !
T - REX I KNOW THAT BECAUSE I'M GOD WHATEVER I SAY CARRIES AN INORDINATE AMOUNT OF WEIGHT AND SOMETIMES THERE ARE MOMENTS WHEN I JUST WANT TO SAY SOMETHING IN PASSING AND NOT HAVE IT BE A BIG DEAL
HOWEVER THIS IS NOT ONE OF THOSE TIMES
YOUR BEATS ARE SO STALE I THINK THE EGGS IN THEM HAVE GONE OFF
Oh snap ! Sick burns on my beats , God !
Oh man !
What'd he say ? Did he say they so weak they're homeopathic ?
Because -
Because they've been diluted 50 , 000 times ? Listen , is that what he said ?
It doesn't matter ! My beats are great !
T - REX SORRY FOR INSULTING YOUR BEATS JUST A FEW SECONDS AGO
It's okay ! It only made them better ! Check it out :
Chicka wikka woop woop BOOP !
T - REX SORRY FOR INSULTING YOUR BEATS IN JUST A FEW SECONDS
Attention : musicians ! One question , phrased as a statement ; why are you making me do your job .
Attention , musicians ! Here are some good names for songs that don't exist yet !
" Baby , This Tune Is Easily Dismissed From Your Head ( Especially If You're About To Fall Asleep ) "
" If Someone Else On A Long Bus Ride Listens To This Song On Repeat Over And Over Again ( It Actually Gets Better ) "
" DID YOU KNOW : This Song Cures All Diseases ( The Yeah Yeah Yeah Song ) "
I ( intend to ) love that one !
" Here Are Some New Vocabulary Words : They Change Every Time You Listen ( Bitches ) "
" The Song Only Awesome People Like ; This Can Save You Some Time When Making New Friends ( Thank Me Later ) "
" I Correctly Answer Whatever Question You Ask Before You Press Play ; Use Me To Invent Stuff "
" I Had No Idea Songs Were This Powerful , It's So Wonderful That Music Can Literally Change The World ( Dubstep Remix ) "
Antarctica is a clearly awesome place , but the bad news is many nations have laid claim to parts of it ? sometimes even overlapping with the claims of other nations ! Ruh roh !
But the awesome news is that there's ALSO parts that are unclaimed by anyone !
So not ONLY can we solve these land dispute issues by moving around claims , there's a big chunk that nobody has bothered to claim ownership on , UNTIL NOW . I hereby ?
I hereby claim the unclaimed parts of Antarctica in the name of me , Dromiceiomimus !
MAAAAAAAN
I hesitate to mention this , but there's even more land unclaimed by anyone : the MOON .
Holy crap ! !
That's crazy ! Nobody thought to own it ? I'll express further surprise right after I announce that I hereby claim the moon in the name of me ,
Dromiceiomimus !
I say again ! !
maaaaaaaaaaaan
Antarctica is a clearly awesome place , but the bad news is many nations have laid claim to parts of it ? sometimes even overlapping with the claims of other nations ! Ruh roh !
But the awesome news is that there's ALSO parts that are unclaimed by anyone !
So not ONLY can we solve these land dispute issues by moving around claims , there's a big chunk that nobody has bothered to claim ownership on , UNTIL NOW . I hereby ?
I hereby claim the unclaimed parts of Antarctica in the name of me , Dromiceiomimus !
MAAAAAAAN
I hesitate to mention this , but there's even more land unclaimed by anyone : the MOON .
Holy crap ! !
That's crazy ! Nobody thought to own it ? I'll express further surprise right after I announce that I hereby claim the moon in the name of me ,
Dromiceiomimus !
I say again ! !
maaaaaaaaaaaan
So it turns out there's this " space treaty " that all these nations signed , saying none of them would ever claim ownership over moons or other planets . They've declared celestial bodies as common heritage for all sentient species !
Good for you , nations !
I didn't sign that treaty , nations ! !
HOLLA
But you've a citizen of a nation that signed it !
Possibly ? I GUESS ? ?
My point is : if for some reason a nation took an ownership claim of yours seriously , they'd have a valid way to pressure your government to make you fall in line ! You could go to jail .
I could cause an INTERNATIONAL INCIDENT ? ?
Yes , but that's not necessarily a good thi ?
THIRTY SECONDS LATER :
Hello , government ? This is T - Rex on speakerphone . I hereby claim ownership to ALL the other planets ! You can look at them with telescopes if you want .
Sir , this is Burger King , home of the Whopper .
? Go on
So it turns out there's this " space treaty " that all these nations signed , saying none of them would ever claim ownership over moons or other planets . They've declared celestial bodies as common heritage for all sentient species !
Good for you , nations !
I didn't sign that treaty , nations ! !
HOLLA
But you've a citizen of a nation that signed it !
Possibly ? I GUESS ? ?
My point is : if for some reason a nation took an ownership claim of yours seriously , they'd have a valid way to pressure your government to make you fall in line ! You could go to jail .
I could cause an INTERNATIONAL INCIDENT ? ?
Yes , but that's not necessarily a good thi ?
THIRTY SECONDS LATER :
Hello , government ? This is T - Rex on speakerphone . I hereby claim ownership to ALL the other planets ! You can look at them with telescopes if you want .
Sir , this is Burger King , home of the Whopper .
? Go on
Here at Burger King we offer meat sandwiches
THANKS , Burger King . I get it !
Sometimes you can order meat sandwiches from inside your car at Burger King
THANKS BURGER KING I GET IT
We put potatoes in boiling grease and serve them in a cardboard sleeve at Burger King
FINE . TERRIFIC . Never call Burger King on speakerphone , Dromiceiomimus .
I do believe that is the first rule of speakerphone ?
Burger King is where you can eat the breasts of chickens
Aw man , is that your speakerphone ?
YEP
At Burger King we shaped some vegetables to look like meat and put them in a microwave
It's cordless , so it can follow me around .
Neat .
At many Burger King locations you can put ketchup in a tiny paper cup and then you may keep the cup
I'm DYING
T - REX I NEED A TUTOR WHAT CAN I DO WITH A NEW COMPUTER
Organize your digital recipe collection / Watch some website download a spyware infection ! !
Photoshop your friend into different hats / Start a blog only it's all cats !
Connect to a variety of Microsoft Exchanges / Open up a spreadsheet and discard your friggin' changes !
Remember that living to see tomorrow is not a guarantee / Better play some games on your home PC !
Go on Usenet looking for a date / Maybe someone hot reciprocates ?
COMPUTER , SPEAK TO ME
I AM A COMPUTER PROGRAMMED TO SAY EXACTLY WHAT T - RED TYPED BIN / BACKSPACE BACKSPACE BACKSPACE IN
wikky wikky
SORRY I MISSED YOUR BIRTHDAY T - REX BUT I HOPE THE UNIVERSE SUDDENLY BEING A RAP MUSICAL MAKES UP FOR IT
I feel it in my hips / so I dipped back / to my bag of tricks ! !
YES
THAT IS TO BE EXPECTED IN THESE SITUATIONS
You wake up as a spooky mummy ! Woah . Looks like you got mummified , but now you're alive again , as tends to go in these cases .
THE SPOOKY MUMMY ( YOU )
If you want to walk around with your arms outstretched , stop reading and go do that . If that is honestly a priority for you right now then I'm not going to stop you . But if you want to explore how you're alive , given the fact that you a ) already died once and b ) your flesh has become desiccated , let's get down to it . Let's do this . Let's unwrap one of your fingers .
Turn to panel 4 to unwrap a finger !
The flesh underneath is stretched and brittle and dry !
This is crazy !
You flex it , experimentally , and somehow it holds together . How is this possible ? Your internal organs are either removed or dried out into uselessness , and that includes your brain . None of this makes sense .
Who cares ? ! You've got a second chance at life ! Turn to panel 6 to live life to its fullest ! !
In living life to its fullest , you have somehow turned into me : T - Rex ! NICELY DONE . I'm still in control of what I do though , so SIT BACK AND ENJOY THE SHOW ! !
Man ! I hate this feeling of thinking I'm supposed to be doing something important but not being able to remember what that might be ! Luckily for me , I have the perfect solution !
I'll simply assume I didn't have anything important to do today !
While I'm at it , I'm going to assume I actually have the free will necessary to consent to do anything in the first place . And I'll need to assume that I haven't somehow been dropped into a convincing but meaningless simulation of the world I once knew !
Don't forget to totally assume the world you once knew wasn't a simulation either !
Frig ! Good catch ! !
Also you should assume your senses accurately represent the world !
As usual !
And you'll need to totally assume that the world wasn't started a microsecond ago with your " memories " merely part of the initial state .
Right .
Man . Lot of assumptions we're making here just to get you out of putting your wet laundry in the dryer .
AW MAN ! ! That was it ! And the stale wet laundry smells the worst of all the things ! !
I hate to say it , but ?
You messed up this timeline but good , T - Rex .
Man ! I hate this feeling of thinking I'm supposed to be doing something important but not being able to remember what that might be ! Luckily for me , I have the perfect solution !
I'll simply assume I didn't have anything important to do today !
While I'm at it , I'm going to assume I actually have the free will necessary to consent to do anything in the first place . And I'll need to assume that I haven't somehow been dropped into a convincing but meaningless simulation of the world I once knew !
Don't forget to totally assume the world you once knew wasn't a simulation either !
Frig ! Good catch ! !
Also you should assume your senses accurately represent the world !
As usual !
And you'll need to totally assume that the world wasn't started a microsecond ago with your " memories " merely part of the initial state .
Right .
Man . Lot of assumptions we're making here just to get you out of putting your wet laundry in the dryer .
AW MAN ! ! That was it ! And the stale wet laundry smells the worst of all the things ! !
I hate to say it , but ?
You messed up this timeline but good , T - Rex .
OH NO SOMEHOW I GOT SAD
a comic to read when you're sad
What are you sad about ? Whisper it to me ; I promise I won't tell .
Really ? Well , I can see why that would make you sad . Tell you what , take all the time you need . I'll be here when you're done being sad .
Continue reading when you're done being sad !
Alright ! Now nobody we care about is sad !
I'm a little sad !
WHAT
Utahraptor , we can't just shift the sad around person - to - person !
I'm sorry ! I got sad !
Well , take all the time you need ! We'll continue this conversation when you're no longer sad !
I ?
TALK ONLY WHEN NO LONGER SAD
Dear diary : I am a good friend .
OH NO SOMEHOW I GOT SAD
a comic to read when you're sad
What are you sad about ? Whisper it to me ; I promise I won't tell .
Really ? Well , I can see why that would make you sad . Tell you what , take all the time you need . I'll be here when you're done being sad .
Continue reading when you're done being sad !
Alright ! Now nobody we care about is sad !
I'm a little sad !
WHAT
Utahraptor , we can't just shift the sad around person - to - person !
I'm sorry ! I got sad !
Well , take all the time you need ! We'll continue this conversation when you're no longer sad !
I ?
TALK ONLY WHEN NO LONGER SAD
Dear diary : I am a good friend .
Oh crap oh crap oh crap ! Does anyone have any advice on how to fix it if a zeppelin becomes free from its mooring and blasts into the sky ?
Like , right now ? ?
Like , let's all pretend I accidentally unmoored a zeppelin and don't want to get in trouble ?
Dromiceiomimus ! There's not still laws for zeppelin on the books , right ? Because nobody uses them anymore and that means you can't get in trouble , right ? ?
Well , laws often stay on the books long after they're useful , and zeppelins are still being used today , as you discovered .
Dromiceomimus ! !
ALLEGEDLY DISCOVERED
Where'd you ever find an unattended zeppelin ?
It doesn't matter now !
ANYONE who comes across a fully inflated airship , UNATTENDED , would be forgiven for boarding it and putting on the captain's hat and then pressing all the buttons . It's only fair .
And abandoning ship when it takes off ?
APPARENTLY , when one's startled , one can sometimes fall out of zeppelins ? ?
All I know is there's a zeppelin owner out there somewhere who's SUPER CHEEZED at me . And she'll probably want to revenge herself on me , zeppelin style !
Hah !
Looks like THIS timeline's turning out okay after all !
QUANTUM EROTICA is gay and straight and lesbian and other ALL AT THE SAME TIME , and it only collapses into a single sexuality upon being observed by a reader ! It's great and I invented it and guess what ?
IT'S QUANTUM EROTICA O'CLOCK
Casey and Riley were alone at last . " Finally , " breathed Riley into Casey's ear . " I've been wanting sex times all day . " They kissed . While kissing , Casey's arms wrapped around Riley , found a very enticing bottom , and gave it a squeeze .
Whoah ! Smooth move , Casey ! !
I know ! Casey is good at squeezing bums ; that's pretty much canon
Okay , but no way can you describe the sex itself ! Different body parts come into play .
NOT A PROBLEM .
Casey moaned as Riley moved -
OKAY OKAY YOU WIN THANKS I'M GOOD FOR EROTICA YOU CAN STOP NOW
It's great ! Since everyone uses euphemisms around sex , I can talk about sex really explicitly using euphemisms ! !
LATER :
" Casey and Riley sat in front of each other and showed off their naughty bits ! "
hah hah hah
oh man
how embarrassing
HALLOWE'EN NIGHT !
HEY UTAHRAPTOR ! I'M DRESSED UP AS MYSELF FROM THREE YEARS AGO ! I'M NAKED THOUGH
I , UH , SPENT A LOT OF TIME NUDE THREE YEARS AGO
YO YO T - REX WHAT IS UP
OH HEY DROMICEIOMIMUS I SEE YOU'RE NAKED AND SHOUTING TOO
HAPPY HALLOWE'EN
THE END
HALLOWE'EN MORNING AFTER !
Hallowe'en is over but I'm still without clothes !
Me too !
Man , what a crazy night Hallowe'en was , huh ? Here we are , two naked dudes , hanging out .
Not that it bothers us .
Nope ! But once you see how totally naked we are , you can't really unsee it , huh ?
It's like the old saying goes ! " Let this image burn into your retina , so that you may gaze upon it endlessly , even when your eyes be closed "
. . . Never really understood it till now
The world wakes up to find continental drift has sped up a hundred thousand times ! Instead of moving centimeters a year , continents will now be kilometers away from where they were a year ago ! Maps are redrawn almost constantly !
Things are suddenly awesome ! !
Oceans appear and disappear in a single generation ! Continents collide and divide within living memory ! International relations are much more complicated , given this new reality of constantly - shifting natural borders . Land disappears into the earth's core so fast you can almost watch it happen .
Also I guess some buildings fall over when the tectonic plates speed up !
Just SOME buildings ?
Lots of buildings ? But the focus isn't on the initial disaster !
Varied , interconnected disasters now threaten civilization itself : ocean currents change , weather and temperate zones shift drastically , volcanic eruptions become commonplace . We're talking GENERATIONS of slow , sustained catastrophe ! Man ! I'm super excited to make this movie ! !
LATER :
Apparently what I should've said is that I'm super excited to spend YEARS working on developing the skills , funding , and personal network necessary to create this movie ? ?
* sigh *
Yaaaay reality
The world wakes up to find continental drift has sped up a hundred thousand times ! Instead of moving centimeters a year , continents will now be kilometers away from where they were a year ago ! Maps are redrawn almost constantly !
Things are suddenly awesome ! !
Oceans appear and disappear in a single generation ! Continents collide and divide within living memory ! International relations are much more complicated , given this new reality of constantly - shifting natural borders . Land disappears into the earth's core so fast you can almost watch it happen .
Also I guess some buildings fall over when the tectonic plates speed up !
Just SOME buildings ?
Lots of buildings ? But the focus isn't on the initial disaster !
Varied , interconnected disasters now threaten civilization itself : ocean currents change , weather and temperate zones shift drastically , volcanic eruptions become commonplace . We're talking GENERATIONS of slow , sustained catastrophe ! Man ! I'm super excited to make this movie ! !
LATER :
Apparently what I should've said is that I'm super excited to spend YEARS working on developing the skills , funding , and personal network necessary to create this movie ? ?
* sigh *
Yaaaay reality
If you started reading manga left - to - right , then you'd better keep that a secret , otherwise everyone will know you're bad at mangas ! If that was happening AS WE SPEAK I'd recommend you start again with the right - most panel , right about . . . NOW .
Comics are old hat , but you know what's new and exciting ? !
Manga ?
Manga , yes ! Incredible that you guessed that , by the way . Anyway MANGA is from Japan and in Japanese you read right - to - left so that's what you do in manga too !
AND WE CAN ALL JUST DEAL WITH IT
Nobody likes it when you say " mangas " , T - Rex !
Utahraptor ! Get over here !
Okay
" Mangas " is totally acceptable ! Check it out : " I drew the scalpel across my belly , mangas sloshing out onto the floor , wet and heavy . " " As I opened my mouth to scream , mangas spewed out in an uncontrollable bloody torrent . "
What the heck ? !
I don't know where this is coming from ! I need to go home ! !
" Someone had stuffed the corpse with mangas . But he wasn't a corpse when they started . "
T - Rex ?
LET'S NEVER READ MANGAS AGAIN
History is pretty good if you want to know what MIGHT have happened in the time before breakfast this morning ! But most histories fail to account for one very important thing : TWINS .
Specifically , hidden and previously - unknown identical twins !
Sure , a bunch of witnesses saw Famous Historical Figure get shot . But maybe that was his TWIN ! Maybe FHF survived and went into hiding and WALKS AMONG US STILL .
Because if nobody saw him die then maybe he's still alive ?
PRECISELY . History doesn't know ! History spends all its time saying " come on what are the odds of surprise twins " and not enough time saying " wait , turns out the odds are 1 : 1 ! ! ! "
This makes for some pretty dumb plotlines / actual histories !
Pretty awesome ones , you mean !
Check it out : Jesus gets crucified , then three days later his heretofore unknown identical twin shows up and takes his place ! Oh snap ! TWIST ! !
Really , that's your new history ? Really ? Really .
My friend , I don't know much about " Bible " , but that is a way better plotline .
I KINDA THINK MY VERSION IS BETTER SINCE IT HAS SUPERPOWERS
I dunno - - are superpowers ALWAYS better than evil twins ? ?
WAIT NOW HE'S EVIL YOU DIDN'T SAY THAT
OKAY LISTEN
YOU'VE GOT FIVE MINUTES
WOW ME
T - Rex , will you be eating salad for dinner tonight ?
No , I shan't !
Whoah ! Suddenly you are extremeley classy !
That's right , ladies ! I'm bringing back " shan't " !
" Won't " had a good run , but it's really the sort of word for someone who - perish the thought - has never sported monocle ( s ) . " Shan't " is far superior ! If this be the price of refinement , I shan't hesitate to pay it !
" Shall " and its derivatives only sound classy because they're so dated and archaic !
Dromiceiomimus , you shan't say such things ! You mustn't !
Man , you'll soon get tired of " shall " and relapse into " will " !
We shall see about that !
YES , WE WILL .
Oh yeah ? ATTENTION , WORLD : the contraction " 'll " now stands for " shall " instead of " will " ! " It'll " now means " it shall " ; " you'll " means " you shall " . Rarely does an ENTIRE LANGUAGE become classier overnight , but when you hear my words , YOU'LL realize it's already happened .
. . .
Damn it
There comes a time in each dinosaur's life when he or she must look him or herself in his or her mirror and -
- Excuse me for a moment .
English ! What the HELL ?
We need some gender - neutral pronouns , like , yesterday !
" It " is impersonal and rude , and don't even try to trot out " they " for me , English . Don't even . " They " is plural and has always been plural and I've got to believe in the entire history of English communication I'm not the first person to ever want to talk about someone without blabbing about their gender identity ! I could use " s / he " but that doesn't work orally , and " his / her " is way cumbersome !
People have invented pronouns like " hir " , " phe " , " zhe " , and " thon " !
Hah ! " Thon " . THON ENJOY THIS .
BUT THON THINK INVENTED PRONOUNS ALWAYS SOUND STRANGE ? THON STILL LOOK FOR SOLUTION TO SATISFY EVERYONE .
Well if you don't like both the existing options AND the constructed ones , what's left ?
THON NOT KNOW BUT THON KNOW IT WHEN THON SEE IT .
WAIT , THON DECIDE THAT " THON " ACTUALLY AWESOME WORD AND EVERYONE SHOULD USE IT !
OTHERS NOW SAY " THERE COME A TIME WHEN THON MUST LOOK THONSELF IN MIRROR " .
THON AGREE ! THON HAVE LOT OF INTROSPECTION TO DO . THON BELIEVE UNEXAMINED LIFE NOT WORTH LIVING ! !
Okay , so APPARENTLY a singular , gender - neutral " they " has a long and proud history .
APPARENTLY , even Willy T . Shakespeare himself used " they " this way !
And APPARENTLY , I'm not unarguably in the right when I say that " they " is always plural . FINE . Everyone makes mistakes ; I suppose it's fair that I'd FINALLY get my very first turn at bat . But that doesn't mean English is getting off scot free ! We still need an UNCONTENTIOUS gender - neutral pronoun .
What happened to " thon " ?
In a shouted sentence ?
THON NOT KNOW WHY NOBODY LIKE THON
There are still some other alternatives you haven't considered , T - Rex !
Such as ?
How about " yo ? As in , " Yo doesn't know what yo thinks about this . " Or " bitches " , as in " Bitches didn't derive that function properly " . Men can be bitches !
Man . Men CAN be bitches .
Bitches don't even know .
Later :
Bitches is now singular , tell bitches .
YOU KNOW T - REX IT TAKES A SPECIAL KIND OF PERSON DEMAND A NEW GENDER - FREE SINGULAR PRONOUN
Thanks !
AND END UP ON " BITCHES "
Thanks ! !
NO SEE I WAS USING " SPECIAL " IN A DEROGATORY SENSE
And you're using " derogatory " in a complimentary sense ?
WHAT NO
YOU'RE A HARD PERSON TO PUT DOWN T - REX
I know , right ?
I THINK it's on account of how I only hear what I want to ! It's a new thing ! Just started it .
T - Rex , you are smart and handsome and rad !
Yes , go on ?
And I think you area really great , just - just super boss , ultimate amazing .
Wow , it's great how your mouth movements match your words ! I wish I could take credit for that .
Do it , dude ! !
Huh !
There's PROBABLY a downside to this that I'm not seeing ?
We've got finite lives and infinite ambition . That being the case , I guess it's time we all learnt about
COMPROMISE
If you're unfamiliar with compromise , then you have been living an improbable life where you have never once NOT gotten exactly what you want , and I would ask that you begin wanting only awesome things should happen to me , okay ? Thanks . This is going to be great . So yeah ! Compromise is when you say " I'd hoped for an ice cream sandwich , but I GUESS barefoot stepping in poops is boss too . "
Compromise isn't always bad !
Utahraptor ! Are you looking to COMPROMISE on this ? ?
It's not gonna happen ! Compromise is settling for something that's not as good as what you wanted .
That you THINK isn't as good , you mean . It can lead to amazing things you couldn't have foreseen !
Ridiculous ! So can falling down the stairs , but that doesn't mean that's awesome !
LATER :
Hah hah hah I take it back ! An intoxicating freedom overtakes you as you tumble to the bottom , the stairs carrying you to where your first journey began , to where you yearn to return once more .
Guys I think I hit my head
T - REX IS SITTING FOR HIS OFFICIAL PORTRAIT :
Paint faster , artists ! I don't know if I can hold this awesome pose forever ! !

LATER :
It's gonna be SUCH an amazing painting , Dromiceiomimus ! I realized the other day that I am a dude with some disposable income , and I could COMMISSION PAINTERS to create works of art for me ! So I'm having a portrait of myself done as if I am a king from olden times , and I'm going to hang it up in my house . And in the background ? HORSES .
Ultra classy 2000 !
It is a pretty terrific use of money !
Thank you ! !
It's way better than spending it on making the world a better place -
my painting will make my house , A PART OF THE WORLD , a better place -
- such as by sending aid to countries where many cannot afford food or even basic sanitation .
UTAHRAPTOR : TECHNICALLY CORRECT , BUT BEING A DICK ABOUT IT
Oh my gosh ! Utahraptor ! ! Can you read these words floating in the sky ?
Please say yes because they're TOTALLY on my side for once
Guns ! Folks buy guns when they want the ability to point at something and make that something have a hole in it .
But they have other uses too !
For instance , should a can be out of arm's reach and you're like , man , I wish that can had a hole in it AND was knocked over , then a gun can be used here too !
Yes , adding new holes to things and bumping them around are but two of the many uses of guns !
. . . So ? Go on !
What ? I'm done !
I've said all I want to about guns .
Ah . I thought maybe you'd wade into the gun control debate with something a little more substantial than " Need something punctured ? Have you tried . . . A GUN ? "
Hah ! Looks like you thought wrong !
Earlier :
Five bucks if you can get Utahraptor to say the word " punctured " .
Attention , mysterious voice from behind me !
YOU'RE ON , BABY
So this guy is at a bar and he's a heterosexual and he's trying to pick up women !
And he notices this women who's pretty small !
And he says " Hey baby , you remind me of my coffee table ! " And she says , " Why ? Because I'm so small and cute ? " and he says , " No , because I'm going to stub my toe on you later ton -
Wait , hold on , I messed up the joke . Hold on .
Wait .
Maybe she reminds him of his little toe ?
YES !
Because he's going to bang her on the coffee table later ! YES ! THAT WAS THE JOKE . Okay , thanks Utahraptor . I'm going to go back in time to do it right .
Good luck ! This timeline dies with you . Remember us , so that we might still live .
My friend , I shall . Always .
EARLIER :
And he says , " Because I'm going to stub you on the coffee table later ! "
. . .
AW FRIG SYNONYMS
My self - summary
Okay so I made a profile before but nobody dated me ? ? ? It's weird I think there might be a bug on the website .
What I'm doing with my life
Hah hah hah NEXT
First thing people usually notice about me
is how I hacked the website to put pictures of me and my friends in the background ! Here is what's happening at Dating Site Headquarters right now : OH NO T - REX IS AN ULTRA HACKER ! ! ! BUT DID YOU KNOW THAT IN HACKING INTO THE KERNAL HE ALSO HACKED INTO . . . MY HEART < 3 < 3 < 3
I didn't type that ! The words just appeared ! So you need to move fast to date me now I think ! !
The six things I could never live without
. . . is a sentence fragment ; I found another bug
On a typical Friday night I am
hey utahraptor what do you do on a typical friday night ? I need it to be awesome / sexy ! ! ! ! !
hellooo0
utahraptor UTAH UTAH utahRAP . . . . tor
whoa wrong window ! Okay how do you delete
You should message me if
What what what ? ? There's a checkbox for if you're looking for casual sex ! ! Oh man ! Should I check it ? Message me if you think I should check it ! !
What if I checked it ? ?
I wonder if it's ever been used
Man , I could make a better dating site .
Man ! I COULD make a better dating site ! !
BaguettesAll4Me . co . uk is complete ! It's a site where you can register to eat a whole baguette . Then , you go out and eat one ! " Who has eaten the most baguettes ? Maybe it's you ? ? "
I thought you were making a dating site !
I am ! I realized my perfect woman won't say " ew , that's weird " as she watches me eat a whole baguette !
So you're mining your members for sweet dates ?
Please ! It's not like I invented this little trick !
Jimbo Wales made Wikipedia because he wanted someone who was SO INTO CATS that they'd get alerts whenever someone changed any info about cats ! Facebook Steve did Facebook to see what movies sexy folks like !
Facebook was invented by Ma -
FACEBOOK STEVE . Please , if I hear any more information about Facebook I will die .
I WILL LITERALLY DIE
Attention , friends ! I have changed my name to . . . " THE DOG " !
Perhaps you've seen the signs about town telling you to beware of me ? ?
It's the best name ever , Dromiceiomimus ! Now everyone will be all , " Oh man , I've heard of that guy ! He must be pretty bad news . "
Okay ! My new name is " No Shirt No Shoes No " , and everywhere I go , there's companies with a special service just for me !
Man ! That IS an extremely practical name .
My new name is " STOP " . Perhaps you've seen my tags at intersections ? I get up .
I HAVE !
Incidentally , MY new name is " One Way " , and perhaps YOU'VE seen the arrows pointing to where I currently am ?
They're not very accurate .
That's because One Way only moves one way : UN - PREDICTABLY .
LATER : NEW DRIVER'S LICENSES ARRIVE IN THE MAIL
" Mr . Shoplifters ? " That's what I landed on ? ?
Man in the future I ain't gonna get nothing but prosecuted
HAMLET in six panels
This is " The Tragical History of Hamlet , Prince of Denmark " by William Shakespeare !
It is believed to have been written between 1599 and 1601 . The play is set in the Kingdom of Denmark , see citation 1 !
T - REX YOU ARE A ) COMPLETELY PLAGIARIZING WIKIPEDIA AND B ) QUICKLY RUNNING OUT OF TIME TO CAPTURE ONE OF THE GREATEST WORKS OF ENGLISH LITERATURE
Aw toots ! !
THAT'S UH
THAT'S NOT IN THE PLAY
Okay so it starts out and there's a day ! A g - g - g - ghost dad !
We should be halfway through by now ! !
Okay okay , so Ghost Dad says he died from too much poison and Hamlet's all " Record scratch ! Saw WHAAAAAT ? " then FOUR HOURS OF AUDIENCE TIME LATER , we've all learnt a valuable lesson !
Which is ?
. . . Polonius is the best character ?
The end !
MEANWHILE , IN TUDOR ENGLAND
Shakespeare ! How would you sum up " Hamlet " real quick ?
i haven't written hamlet yet t - rex , HELLO
Oh man ! I'd better pull on a sweater and turn up the thermostat !
BECAUSE IT'S SUDDENLY REAL EXCUSEY IN HERE
hamlet has to say " record scratch " because records aren't invented yet so you can't make the sound otherwise , HOW IS THIS NOT OBVIOUS
I am a guy who is big into the Titanic ! The hubris , the disaster , the lost potential . It's all so fascinating !
But how much is there left to know ?
Are we going to one day discover the sort of pants the second mate was wearing ? The exact key the final song was played in ? The ship won't survive on the sea bed forever : eventually it will collapse into a pile of metal and ceramic and decay even further . We may soon reach a point where we have learnt all that it is possible to learn about the Titanic !
I disagree , my friend !
And I am relieved to hear it !
We'll always have alternative , CRAZY theories to entertain us : maybe the Titanic sank for the insurance money ! Maybe it never sank at all ! And in the future , where time travel exists , we'll be able to send observers on board to watch the sinking !
Oh man ! Maybe - maybe EVERYONE on board was an observer !
And then more time travellers came back to try to stop them but they keep drowning too , and now the first thing you learn in temporalnaut school is " stay the heck away from Olympic - class ships , bro ! "
Oh man !
In the future , we're all bros ! !
Pi goes on with a bunch of crazy numbers forever ! You can start counting the digits of pi and never stop , and DIE , and your last words will be " Man I should've taken breaks for eating and poops ! ! "
Therefore , inside pi is contained every discovery AND every work of art !
Even a program that emulates your brain perfectly is in pi : if it can be represented as numbers , it's there ! And this means we can use pi as a DATA TRANSMISSION DEVICE : all I need to send you the start digit and end digit , and the numbers between are my message ! Kapow !
Unlimited data transmission with only TWO NUMBERS , baby !
But those two numbers would probably be longer than your data !
MAYBE .
Almost certainly ! Plus it could EASILY take you longer than the sun will survive to find the data you want , especially for complicated messages ! You know how far you'd have to look to find just e = mc ? encoded into pi ?
Let me stop you right there and say this : brotimes , I AM ABOUT TO FIND OUT .
LATER :
I checked the first 9 million digits and e = mc ? isn't there ! However , " LOL " shows up 2 , 482 , 128 digits in . As the first to discover this amazing fact , let these be my words on the matter , recorded here FOR ALL TIME :
Dudes , I think the universe is LOLLING at us
Hello everyone ! I am interesting and awesome !
Probably you should spend more time thinking about me ? !
Why aren't I more popular already , Domiceiomimus ? I'd pal around with me . I'd date me !
You're popular with me , T - Rex !
I know ! But look , I've found a way to say this without sounding shallow : I'd like both to have good friends AND be famous AND be extremely popular with everyone !
OH NO it still sounded shallow ! OH NO
I'm funny ! I'm cool ! I clean up nice and can carry a conversation !
Sure , but not everyone can be popular !
If they were , we'd all be at EQUAL popularity , and popularity becomes meaningless ! We need folks like you for our popularity to even be a thing .
What ? " We " ? You're more popular than me ? ! Since when ?
Oops . Just forget I said anything , okay ?
UTAHRAPTOR
TAKE ME WITH YOU
Hello ! I have played rugby exactly once ?
RUGBY AS SHE IS PLAYED
I was young , in primary school , and sports were a thing that I hated . Team sports , really , because - oh god , teams . Being last to be chosen was just the beginning : you knew you had an hour ahead of you playing a game where you didn't know the rules but everyone else did , an hour of not being sure who was on your team and who wasn't , an hour where the only relief was when you somehow threw the ball away in the right direction after it came to you .
This is all about rugby ?
What about it ? ! Grab the ball , try to get to the other side .
The other team will be doing the same . Sometimes , even the teacher will yell at you in frustration because you don't know what's going on . That's great . I love getting yelled at by everyone . Let's assume all kids know the rules to all sports ever , because nothing's more interesting to a child than LEARNING RULES .
Our team lost , badly , and everyone blamed me . But how is that fair ? Any TEAM sport is broken if one player can ruin the game ; I should be able to influence no more than 1 / $ numplayers of the total score !
Nobody listens in the locker room when you say that though
. . . I didn't read the book .
WHAT
I didn't read the book !
Look , I saw the movie and here's what happens : Mr . Darcy is a dick , later on he's still a dick , Elizabeth falls in love with him for no reason , they get married and he stops being a dick I guess .
USUALLY WHEN PEOPLE TALK ABOUT JANE AUSTEN THEY DON'T USE THE WORD " DICK "
Hah hah hah !
If only , if only .
Elizabeth doesn't fall in love with him for no reason !
She totally does !
They spend the whole time insulting each other and then near the end they love each other and you're like , " What ? Since when ? ! "
I wasn't like that !
Well I was ! I said it out loud ! It was on the bus so it was embarrassing ! !

What ? Since when ? !
Excuse me , sir ?
Oh , I'm reading Jane Austen
Bro !
Don't even get me started , bro
God , give me a beat !
BOOP BOOP BA - DOOPA DOOP
* ahem *
They call me < b > cause my flow be bold / Been writing HTML since I was 12 years old !
There ain't a word in the spec that I don't know / for example the < tr > tag means a new table row !
Babe you got < center > tags all over and your shit's all deprecated / With such sloppy markup language , can't BELIEVE we ever dated
Dromiceiomimus you better not be bringing HTML 5 all up in here / Cause if it got itself a < blink > tag then it's STRICTLY second tier
" Blink " ? Pshaw . I bet you're not even XML - strict . Your doctype reads " - / / 1 . 0 MY / / ASS GOT KICKED / / "
* gasp *
Can't follow what I'm saying so I'll underline it for you / < span style = " text - decoration : underline " > SLAPPED DOWN < / span > is all I really gotta do
When I hit < u > you gonna take it on the chin / 80 years later , you're STILL typing markup in !
Man , you're a friend equivalent of IE 5 :
No - one wants you around or even wants you still alive !
Wll YOU'RE the friend equivalent of CSS / All hot and sexy , knowing how to impress / Making bros pull out their herero - sexuality to reassess
Man ! It happened again ! !
WHY DO MY FREE - STYLES ALL END UP SUPER GAY
Crap ! I should have an emergency kit ready !
" why " , you ask ?
Oh I don't know , IN CASE OF EMERGENCY ? ?
LATER :
What's in your emergency kit , T - Rex ? Mine's got water , food , first aid stuff , matches and scissors !
MINE'S got a book on how to win sword fights AND a book on clever quips to make during sword fights ( " I'll get right to the POINT ; it's been a SLICE ; STABS to meet you " , etc ) ! And , um . . .
That's it , actually
Mine's got dried food in it ! It'll keep for a while . Yeah , it's a pretty sensible choice .
Sweet ! But - no swords ?
No swords . Not even a wee li'l one !
Huh . You know , it occurs to me that a sword could be used by a hungry dude to take food from someone by holding them at , what's it called ? Swordpoint ?
Sword - point , yeah .
LATER : EVERYONE PUTS SWORDS IN THEIR EMERGENCY KITS
SPEARS to meet you , Utahraptor ! !
Oh wait I left my spear on the ground back there , one sec
Antonio Tony and Amelia , my erotic fiction characters , go to sleep after having some erotic fiction ! While they sleep , Antonio dreams he's chatting Amelia up ! Sheesh ! Give her a rest , Antonio !
But then they wake up and discover THEY BOTH DREAMED THE SAME CHATS UP !
THIS WAS HOW IT BEGAN . Soon the whole world discovers that dreams have become consistent across everyone - as near as we can tell , even our DOGS are entering the same shared dreamspace ! Communication becomes free , as long as both of you are sleeping , and the world changes , literally overnight .
And since communication is free , spammers are soon running around yelling about their boner pills !
What ? ! No !
Sleep becomes a hellish 8 hours , per night , of inescapable advertisement .
But since it's dreams , we can kill all the spammers we want without consequence ! Then they wake up saying " Man I suck bad " or whatever it is spammers say when they look in the mirror at 3 in the morning .
Then the spammers weaponize too , and suddenly it's an worldwide all - out war for our dreams , where the only limit is . . . OUR IMAGINATION .
Yes ! ! YES , let's make this happen ! PLEASE SANTA MAKE MY EROTIC FICTION REAL
T - REX NAME AN ANIMAL YOU'D LIKE TO KNOW MORE ABOUT
Sea squirts !
OKAY
Wait , that's a real animal ? !
I thought it was just my hilarious nickname for a sex thing !
THEY'RE LIKE LITTLE TADPOLES THAT HATCH FROM THEIR HERMAPHRODITIC PARENTS AND SWIM TILL THEY FIND A ROCK WHICH THEY ATTACH TO AND NEVER MOVE AGAIN
Why is the sea so weird ?
THEN SINCE THEY'RE NOT MOVING ANYMORE THEY EAT THEIR OWN TAIL AND OTHER NOW USELESS BODY PARTS
Why is the sea SO WEIRD ?
INCLUDING THEIR BRAIN
Okay , I'll say this : WHY IS THE SEA A NIGHTMARE WITHOUT END ?
Black swallowers ?
No , brain auto - cannibalistic sea squirts . Black swallowers ?
They've got a stretchy body to eat animals way bigger than themselves . When you said " nightmare without end " I thought you'd seen one .
What do they look like ?
I don't know if you -
TELL ME .
Looks like it's time for some . . .
PUBLIC SERVICE ANNOUNCEMENTS
Many poisons don't taste like anything , so hey ! Keep that in mind when eating !
Also , try not to eat fire ! Your digestive system is ill - equipped to deal with it and it has extremely low nutritional value .
Any non - eating PSAs ?
Ladies ! Are you a mammal ? I read this thing that says a bunch of mammals wear bras that don't fit properly . Maybe look into that , huh ?
I gotta say , I'm not feeling especially public serviced !
I've got some just for you !
Utahraptors ! Many of you have large toenails . There may be special shoes you can buy ; check into that and let me know .
That's not a PSA ! That's you asking me to do your research .
Utahraptors ! Did you know : SACRIFICE IS A PART OF FRIENDSHIP ? ?
Yep !
It's a good thing nobody remembers THAT LITTLE DETAIL when they first decide to become pals !
" Queue " is pronounced " queue " ! And the letter " q " is pronounced the same way ! !
Stay with me ! !
How would you pronounce " qu " , Dromiceiomimus ?
The same as " queue " , I'd imagine !
And " que " ?
The same .
And " queu " ?
" Qu - ee - you " ?
NO , IT'S PRONOUNCED THE SAME AS " QUEUE " .
Dromiceiomimus ruined , but did not entirely ruin , my point !
Which was ?
" Queue " is said the same no matter how many letters you take off the end ! ! I've discovered HOLOGRAPHIC RUSSIAN NESTING DOLL words , each smaller word inside containing a complete pronunciation of the whole !
Is that a real linguistics term ?
Um , I just invented it ?
So , um , ABSOLUTELY ? ?
Who here wants to watch me sleep ? Before you answer , let me say this !
A TRUE FRIEND WOULD WATCH ME SLEEP .
I guess - I guess I'll watch you sleep ?
INCORRECT ANSWER . You have to want it ! You must have a DESIRE to watch me sleep .
Is it okay if I lie about having the desire just to make you feel good ?
NOT ANYMORE ! !
What the heck , dude ? Why so into people watching you sleep ?
It's simple !
The Minbari watch people sleep because when someone is sleeping , their true face is revealed .
The Minbari ? From Babylon 5 ? Hah ! Didn't know you were the " make B5 references a decade after it went off the air " type .
It sounded like a good idea !
. . . Before I said it out loud , OBVIOUSLY .
* sigh *
My new literary epic is about a man who puts everything in quotation marks !
Whoops , pardon me .
It's about a " man " who puts " everything " in " quotation marks " !
So he's not really a man ? Is that what the quotation marks mean ?
Can one truly be a man Dromiceiomimus , when one puts " everything " in quotation marks ?
Well surely there's exceptions if it is not just everything , but " everything " .
Unfortunately there are " no " exceptions !
Have there been any research into this ?
" Research " into what ?
Research into using quotation marks as " not in the full sense of the word " linguistic marker . But it's an ambiguous marker , because sometimes we're just quoting things , and not , you know , " quoting things " .
Look man , maybe there's been research , I dunno . I don't exactly " read " linguistic papers .
Anyway back to my story ! In it my man faces many challenges and obstacles but eventually saves the princess !
There's a princess ?
Well - - there's a " princess " , anyway .
Look , it's a start
Today I am going to plagiarize out - of - copyright books ! And I choose . . .
MACBETH .
And here we go ! !
" Macbeth was a king , I think ? And his wife made him murder . . . someone . . . because . . . there's witches ? "
T - Rex , I hate that this is now a question that's going to have been asked , but -
* sigh *
Did you even read the book you're plagiarizing ?
I did ! ! I'm had to read it for school I'm pretty sure .
And I'M going to regret asking this , but -
Did you even read at least the Wikipedia plot summary of the book you're plagiarizing ?
Nope ! This is PURE ME , baby .
Somehow , you've found a new rung below plagiarists on the author ladder : " plagiarists who didn't even look at Wikipedia " . Congrats , I guess ?
LATER , T - REX CHECKS WIKIPEDIA :
Hello ? ! The Macbeth article is like 10 pagedowns long ! !
UMMMMM
I'M NOT MADE OF PAGEDOWNS , WIKIPEDIA
You have lost your voice , but luckily , you can still communicate through sign language ! Unluckily , you don't know any sign languages .
CHARADES AS SHE IS PLAYED
You are consumed with the inescapable desire to communicate a word found in a dictionary , a song , movie , or book title , or well - known phrase . You friends , similarly , are consumed with the desire to understand what you're trying to say , frantically guessing at every motion you make . This is the reality you now live in . But for how long ? For there's a timer ticking down , and if you don't communicate in time , you DIE .
You literally die ?
YOU LITERALLY DIE .
And don't freak out , but IF YOU DIE IN THE GAME , YOU DIE IN REAL LIFE . Only , in real life when you die in the game you just don't get a point . So , you're good .
Oh .
Yeah it'd be crazier if you died in real life for real , but that version of the game is rarely played .
Although I personally DID play it that way once ! !
. . . No , I didn't . I'm lying .
I don't know why I said I played it ; everyone just ignore me
Is it Friday ? That's great , because Friday is a good day for secrets , and it's the BEST day for
SECRETS OF THE MEDICAL PROFESSION
This one's for humans only ! When a human has a baby , it travels through one of them human birth canals , and then the doctors measure and weigh and clean baby up , and then bring thon back to the mom . They'll also give the baby eye ointment ! But why would a child need eye meds right after birth ?
Maybe they have dry eye dise -
STDs . They're for STDs , Dromiceiomimus . You know : gonorrhea , chlamydia . The usual !
It's so the babies don't get them ?
It's so the babies don't go TOTALLY BLIND .
These STDs are bacteria , and if baby gets 'em in the eye , bad things can happen ! It's just a precaution . Mom can carry them and be asymptomatic , so better safe than sorry !
But isn't that terrible symbolism ? " Mom is dirty and cannot be trusted ; baby must be sterilized NOW no matter how clean Mom says she is "
Oh man , that reminds me ! ! If there's one thing I never ever want to do in my life , it's get in an argument about birthing politics !
Hah hah hah PHEW good thing I remembered
Hey everyone ! Remember commercial radio ?
. . . No ?
It's this thing your car can play when your mp3 player is broken ?
Anyway I totally listened to some yesterday !
AND I CAN REPORT THE FOLLOWING : it's like mp3s , but some wacky jerk controls the music and every 15 minutes he stops everything to invite some really loud strangers to come yell about their products , which I guess seems normal to these people ?
Oh ! And there's " call - in shows " ! Near as I can tell , that's where you compete with other radio owners tor ead out the stupidest YouTube comments you've ever seen .
So don't listen to commercial radio , dude !
But that doesn't solve the problem !
I did some research into " radio waves " and they travel EVERYWHERE , even through brains ! DJ chatter is LITERALLY MOVING INSIDE YOUR BRAIN 24 / 7 . My whole body , polluted by people who think the best way to hear a song is to phone a stranger and ask if they can maybe work it in !
What ? !
I know , whenever I think about it I feel sick ! I'm like this :
Ohhh noooo , blegh
Which bro did not forget about buying Christmas presents for his friends this year ? ? I'll give you a hint : it's a bro who is saying this sentence right ? NOW .
That's right , it's me : your awesome friend T - Rex !
I bought presents for this year in MARCH , Dromiceiomimus . March TWO YEARS AGO . Do you know how crazy that is ? FINALLY , Past Me set it up so that Present Me wins !
Congratulations ? I guess ? The ability to envision possible futures is one thing that separates us from the animals .
Dromiceiomimus ! ! That's RACISMS
So what'd you get me ?
Oh , don't worry ! It's something awesome .
And to stop you from finding it , I hid it well within my house : it's INSIDE THE WALLS , dude . I haven't touched it since I put it there , safe and sound , two years ago ! !
Haven't you moved since then ?
AW FRIG ALL MY PRESENTS ARE STUCK IN MY OLD HOUSE
T - REX IS IT TIME FOR XMAS BREAKS AND ENTERS
Nope ! Instead I'll buy new presents and leave those ones as a gift to whoever demolishes the house ! !
OKAY
WHEN I TELL THIS STORY I'M GONNA SAY YOU DID XMAS BREAKS AND ENTERS
Every nation has its own flag ( all second place to the Seychelles flag , obvs ) , but it turns out every letter of the alphabet has its own flag too ! Alphabet flags , you guys !
Holy crap ! When did the world get so awesome ?
You mean semaphore flags , where you move two flags to represent letters ?
No man , this is way better : you can actually buy a flag that doesn't look like a " J " but that means " J " and fly it above your house ! Isn't that awesome ? You can spell out words with flags ! " SUP BROS " you could say , and should the bros read it they might reply " sup " . Boats use 'em for chatting each other up !
Your " J " flag doesn't mean " J " though !
Say whaaaat ?
What what ! Sailors also use them in SECRET CODES , and they have public meanings too : " J " means " J " but also " I am leaking DANGEROUS CARGO , stay back ! "
So awesome !
Honestly , you should fly an " X " flag above your house ! That means " Everyone , stop what you're doing and WATCH FOR MY SIGNAL . "
Man ! How come my high school guidance counsellors never said " Be a sailor , THEY'RE AWESOME " ? Maybe - maybe they wanted all the sailor jobs for themselves ?
My friend :
It is the only explanation that makes sense
If the Eskimos have 500 words for snow , then surely we in our internet - stuff age should have 1000 words for " meh " !
T - REX THAT LINGUISTIC PREMISE IS FULL OF LIES
* gasp *
YOU PULLED THAT NUMBER OUT OF THE AIR AND THERE'S NO ONE ESKIMO LANGUAGE BUT RATHER AN ESKIMO - ALEUT LANGUAGE FAMILY WHICH BUILDS COMPOUND NOUNS OUT OF WHAT YOU'D CALL A PHRASE
SO YOU SAY HARD ICY SNOW AND AN INUIT SPEAKER SAYS THE SAME THING ONLY JUST WITH FEWER SPACES
CALLING A UNIQUE WORD WITHOUT ADDRESSING WORD BOUNDARY ISSUES IS MISLEADING AT BEST
GAME SET AND MATCH BABY
Oooh look at me , I'm God , I know language stuff !
I KNOW ALL OF THE STUFFS
Whoah !
You're making fun of God ? Is that not . . . THE MOST DANGEROUS GAME ? ?
No , that's hunting dinosaurs . Well , I mean , folks used to say humans were the most dangerous game , but humans don't have claws .
Check mine out ! Rar .
I've got some good ones too ! Snikt ! They don't make that sound on their own so I have to say it out loud .
Sometimes life is full of compromises , you know ?
Oh frigs and dangs , I want a thing and someone else has that thing and they're willing to engage in trade but we need to agree on the terms ! THIS SOUNDS LIKE A JOB FOR . . .
NEGOTIATION MAN ! !
He's a rhetorical device though , so he can't make it / exist at all , BUT , I can lay down some sweet negotiation tips for YOU , Dromiceiomimus .
But I thought you were the one who wanted to negoti -
When buying , always open with a lowball offer ! That way , they have to negotiate up . Nobody likes to negotiate so , THIS way , they have to do the sucky job .
Okay , so what if they come back with " too low , you suck ! " ?
Flip the table ! FLIP THE TABLE ! !
That's how negotiators know you're serious . After you flip it , say " Okay , you wanna try that sentence again ? Maybe try harder this time ? "
What if we're standing ?
Offer them a seat at a table , sit down at the table with them , then FLIP THAT FRIGGING TABLE .
LATER :
My table ! She is so flipped ! !
Hah hah hah ! !
I
LOVE
NEGOTIATING
" EUPHEMISMS " FOR DATING
Yes ! Maybe sometimes you don't want to throw the fact that you've found happiness in the arms of another in my face ? Maybe you need some " euphemisms " .
For example !
Instead of saying " Sally and I are now dating exclusively " you can say " Sally and I are now seeing other people ONLY WITH REGRET . " On second thought , maybe you should keep the " Sally and I are now dating exclusively " because if I don't want to acknowledge your commitment , I can play dumb and say , " Sally and you are now dating exclusively . . . axe murderers ? Mad scientists ? Um , DOGS ? "
So , hey , your euphemisms are pretty weak so far !
Yes . Allow me to correct that !
Instead of " T - Rex , we're dating " : " T - Rex , we're eating an awful lot of picnics on Sundays " , " T - Rex , we're hanging out more than can be politely explained away " , " T - Rex , we're playing Mega Man in two - player mode " .
Mega Man doesn't have a two - player mode .
Not for us , Utahraptor ! Not for us .
* sigh *
Last year some folks made some friggin' mistakes ! This year , I'm going to make exactly zero mistakes . And this year starts . . . several days ago ! !
Attention , world ! It is now LITERALLY IMPOSSIBLE for me to be wrong !
That's a high bar to set , T - Rex ! We all make mistakes , and little ones aren't really a big deal .
Maybe for you , my friend ! For me , I only enjoy being 100 % correct 100 % of the time .
Okay ! What's 11 divided by 34 . 1 ?
Um . . . a number ? ?
Ah , the " not wrong but also not meaningfully correct " route !
It's technically correct !
I believe you'll find someone who takes the risk of being wrong is preferred to someone who is never wrong but never says anything worth saying .
. . . FINE . 11 divided by 34 . 1 is . . . 55 . 68 ?
You're off by almost 200 times the actual number .
T - Rex , I'd hoped I'd never say this , but ? you've let me down !
Noooooo
I'd hoped you'd never say that tooooo
Antonio Tony and Amelia , my erotic fiction characters , were once again engaged in erotic fictions !
But this time . . . THEY BROUGHT A FRIEND .
Let's call her . . . Dommi Natrix . And she's a -
Dominatrix ?
HOW DID YOU KNOW ? ?
So you're saying that when she was born , her parents , MR . AND MRS . NATRIX , named their new baby " Dommi " .
Yes .
And then , out of all the careers to end up in , she grew up to be Dommi " the Dominatrix " Natrix .
Yep .
OH MY GOD HOLD ON A SECOND HER NAME SOUNDS LIKE HER JOB !
That's ridiculous ; I'm renaming her to " Miss Triss "
Oh snap ! Someone's brain is squeezing for a teasing ! It must be
BRAIN TEASER THURSDAY
Okay ! You invited five people over for Dinner . Alice hates Bob , Bob hates Alice , Cathy hates Alice and Bob , Donny hates himself 'cause he drinks , and Earl loves to hear Earl talk . How can you seat everyone so that they're all satisfied ?
. . . Ask that they seat themselves and expect them to act like adults ?
CORRECT !
That wasn't a PARTICULARLY good brain teaser , T - Rex !
Okay , try this one on for size ! !
A flapper has some dresses : five times as many awesome ones as she has rad dresses , and fifteen sweet dresses for every awesome dress . How many nice dresses does she have ? ?
Impossible to say .
INCORRECT !
" Nice " is a proper subset of " awesome " , " sweet " and " rad " , therefore she has at least a couple nice dresses . Oh snap !
BRAIN TEASER THURSDAY ! ! !
has been a fiasco ; I should've prepared way better
Today I assemble the greatest fighting team the world has ever known , culled from History's Mightiest Mortals !
Arise , Alexander the Great
At your side stands Julius Caesar and King Arthur himself , Excalibur at the ready ! To his left -
- stand Hector , from Greek myth ?
Woah ! How'd you know ?
T - Rex , this is fan fiction . This is ANCIENT fan fiction from the Middle Ages .
Yeah , ever heard of the " Nine Worthies " ?
Um , CLEARLY NOT ?
Middle ages dudes assembled them as representing the ultimate man . They threw in some goddy ones too , like David of Goliath fame .
Oh , great . Now the MIDDLE AGES is preemptively plagiarizing me too ? Terrific .
You've just got to be more creative !
Okay , got it ! What if EVERYONE IN HISTORY combined into one giant intersexed battledude to fight EVERYONE FROM THE FUTURE ? ? Intersexed because HELLO , there were women in history too ! !
HELLO
. . . Like Joan of Arc and I'm pretty sure there's others
Civilization goes back thousands of years ! Building and advancing civilization has got to be the single longest multi - generational project EVER UNDERTAKEN .
But put enough of us together and we'll start murdering each
Really ? All this time and we're still dealing with this crap ? How come we haven't found a reliable , scalable , and repeatable way to build a civilization without LITERALLY MURDERING each other yet ? If I were putting down design requirements for a civ I'd put " structured such that nobody gets murdered " pretty near the top of the list !
You're putting a lot of blame on civilization ! Maybe the problem is ourselves ?
But that's totally awful !
If you accept that , oh heck , we're just going to kill each other sometimes and there's nothing we can do about that , what does that say about us ?
That the murders are exceptions ? Edge cases ?
Edge cases that happen so regularly there's 142 murders PER DAY worldwide ? ?
Sometimes I think it's crazy that we haven't colonized other planets yet ! Other days I think maybe , JUST MAYBE , the rest of the universe will get by just fine even if we don't bring our murdery ways to it .
Anyway , wow , yay , go us
If you're not part of the solution
then it seems you agree
problems have their own romance too
T - Rex that's nice but what happened to you punctuation ?
It is a problem
Utahraptor
Embrace the romance of my new problem
Okay
Liberated from punctuation we can speak without limits
I HAVE BEEN DOING IT FOR YEARS
Never have I felt so free
Man forget punctuation forget it all to heck
Do you remember when we used things like commas and periods and question marks
That punctuation slowed down my typing
That punctuation added to comprehension ease is false
Wait hold on what
Holy crap I just came up with the best dog name ever !
BETTER EVEN THAN DR LEONARD MCCOY OR BONES FOR SHORT
Quite possibly ! ! You get a dog and name him . . .
. . . SIR .
" Come here , Sir ! " you'll say , and in that instant everyone will know you are both 100 % FREEBASED CLASSY . Hah hah ! " Sir , did you poop on the floor ? " " Please , Sir , stop humping ! Sir ! You embarrass us both . "
You sound like a butler .
Exactly ! This magical dog name turns you into a gentleman ! BETTER : a gentleman's gentleman !
Getting a dog AND getting to roleplay being awesome and well - mannered for 12 - 18 years ? SIGN ME UP .
Nice !
You have to pick up your dog's poop either way , so you might as well pretend he's a millionaire while you do it . " Good poops , Sir , " you can say . " Here have a treat . You , Sir , are a good dog . "
I don't wanna sound crazy or anything but LET'S GET DOGS RIGHT NOW ! !
BUT IT TURNS OUT GOLDFISH ARE CHEAPER :
Excellent swimming , Sir ! More smelly food flakes ? ?
Don't die on me , Sir .
Last night I dreamed I came home and there was a spy there ! He was trying to steal my DOCUMENTS !
So we got into a fight !
Only this spy didn't realize that I'M really good at fighting in dreams , so I pinned him to the roof with one hand and called 911 , and the dispatcher was like " we only respond to EMERGENCIES , T - Rex - and you've got this handled ! " I thanked them politely and hung up and said " Did you hear that ? I think they're only gonna come if YOU call . " Then I crushed the phone with my other hand and said " Wow . You're having a really difficult day . "
Huh . I never thought of this before , but dreams are really fan fiction your mind writes itself , aren't they ?
Nope !
Yeah man ! And YOUR brain writes these little stories where you're the greatest guy ever , and then shares its author - insertion Mary Sue fics with itself , and THEN , congratulates itself on such an enjoyable , compelling narrative !
LISTEN . YOU'RE MAKING ME SOUND SUPER PATHETIC .
WHEN I REPLAY THIS CONVERSATION IN MY DREAMS , INSTEAD OF " PATHETIC " I'M GOING TO SAY " SUPER AWESOME . AND I'M SORRY , I KNOW YOU WANT TO DATE ME BUT REMEMBER THAT EVERYONE ELSE WANTS TO DATE ME TOO . IT'S MY BURDEN TO BEAR AND I SHOULDER IT GLADLY . "
THEN I'M GONNA FLEX , JUST YOU WAIT
Alright , I think I have gotten the " hang " of this " Twitter " thing . I've figured it out ! I've CRACKED THE CODE .
It's a place for me t talk to my friends !
But also a place where I can talk so that strangers who want to listen in on me can hear me talking to my friends . Okay , that's a thing . I guess that's fin though ?
Think of it as broadcasting to the world !
GOT IT .
Attention world ! I ate a sandwich , please RT ! # sandwichtime
No , you can do it better !
Think of it as a way to share important information with your friends : all the good stuff you're sure they'd care about .
Got it . A way to share the most important sentiments I have , the top tier things I have going on !
Exactly !
Perfect .
SOON :
Players only love you when they're playing ! ! ! PLEASE RT
I don't want to blow any minds here , but now I'm going to totally blow all the minds , right here .
Who here wants to hear tomorrow's weather . . . TODAY ?
Oh , you read tomorrow's weather forecast ?
No , what ? I just figured if I said " sunny with cloudy periods " that would describe the weather SOMEWHERE on the planet .
Ah . Well , the forecast does actually call for sunny with cloudy periods .
NAILED IT ! !
Congragulations !
So ! With that out of the way - are you coming to the party tonight ?
What party ?
The engagement party for Barosaurus ? She got engaged . You didn't know ?
What ? ! Nobody told me !
Man ! I thought Barosaurus and I were at Friend Level Tell Me In Person , but I GUESS we're really at Friend Level Find Out If You Ever Check Facebook !
Not to mention Secret Friend Level Shucks I Always Thought I'd Get My Chance At Bat ?
YOU KNOW ABOUT THAT ? ?
Let's say I , oh , I don't know , COMMITED A CRIME BECAUSE I'M A MASTER CRIMINAL ? ?
And let's say I , oh , I don't know , SLIPPED UP AND GOT CAUGHT ? ?
And let's further go on to say that , oh , I don't know , the crime I pulled off was really minor like parking in a spot without paying a machine enough to park ther for that long ? ?
Weeeeaaaaaaaaaak
ANYWAY the moral of the story , DROMICEIOMIMUS , is it turns out everyone who gets caught has to pay the same fine !
So ! Pay up , Moriarty !
But it's unfair !
I can afford this fine just fine , but for someone who's struggling , it could mean they don't eat that week ! And if I were super loaded , fines would mean almost nothing to me I could park like a super jerk 24 / 7 ! Fines should be scaled to income .
0 . 01 % of your income last month ?
Sure !
But suppose your income is mainly in non - liquid assets not easily accessed such as bonds or multi - year GICs ?
Depending on repayment sch - wait oh my GOD WHAT HAPPENED ARE WE SERIOUSLY HAVING A CONVERSATION ABOUT GICS ? ?
WHEN
DID
WE
GET OLD
I woke up this morning and found out that there's a new fancy building going up downtown and GUESS WHAT EVERYBODY : they named it after me !
And it turns out there's all these children around named after me too ? ?
So I looked into it and every band formed in the past decade was named after me ! Heck , there's even a handful of COUNTRIES that were named after me . Plus , you know every single dog alive today ? I don't want to alarm you , but every one of those dogs was named after me too !
And yet , I have never visited T - Rexia while listening to the latest # 1 hit from " T - Rex and his Muscle Ts " .
Look , all I'm saying is that if you look up on a clear night with a good telescope . . .
. . . yes ?
You might just see the hundreds of distant stars and extra - solar planets named after me , T - Rex !
You're aware that there's no star called " T - Rex " , right ?
Of course !
WHAT ? ! IS T - REX CRAZY ? ? FIND OUT BY READING THE NEXT PANEL !
NO , T - REX ISN'T CRAZY ! ! HE'S JUST USING THE PHRASE " NAMED AFTER ME " TO MEAN " THEY WERE GIVEN NAMED AFTER I HAVE BEEN GIVEN A NAME " ; THIS IS A 100 % VALID USE OF ENGLISH . the end .
Which of these three titles is best : " Sherlock Holmes vs Sherlock Holmes " , " Sherlock Holmes Unlocks The Secrets of Effective High - Performance MySQL Database Administration " , or " Sherlock Holmes and the Astral Plane ( I Mean The Kind With Wings ) " ?
Guys ! ! I'll take the most popular title and write that book !
Give the audience what they want , you know ? And rather than guessing , I'm straight out asking : what do you want ? Seriously . Tell me and I'll make it happen .
Can I get a non - Sherlock Holmes story ?
NO
That is an INVALID RESPONSE
Okay , I vote for the database one !
Perfect !
" MySQL's plug - in storage engine architecture makes it versatile in a variety of usage scenarios , ' Sherlock read . "
Wait , is your book an existing DB book with " Sherlock read " added every few sentences ?
I found out it's not plagiarism that way ! !
LATER :
I found out my information was incorrect somehow ! !
" Sherlock Holmes was an out - of - copyright detective which meant I could write my own Sherlock Holmes stories ! " , Sherlock Holmes screamed .
" PREPARE YOURSELVES FOR DETECTIVE ADVENTURE " Sherlock shrieks !
Sherlock Holmes turns back to his writing table , still roaring . " I'll write a story where Sherlock Holmes investigates a dog that glows ! " he bellows . " That's already been done by the original author " hollers Watson .
" In mine the dog is now a zombie , " Sherlock screeches in response , " and is therefore better . "
" Woah ! I need to go prepare myself for detective adventure " shouts Watson .
I can't help but notice your characters are screaming at each other !
You picked up on that , huh ?
It's not EXPLICITLY said , but there's clues throughout the story that the city's doing roadwork outside . And before you ask , the roadwork follows them around , so even while in the zombie graveyard they shout constantly .
Ah .
The climax is when Sherlock has to break into a zombie's home , but can't because it's tto well - locked . I call it " Sherlock Holmes and the Home's Sure Lock " !
. . .
. . .
Don't worry Utahraptor ; I'm accustomed to waiting for laughs .
There's a lot of out - of - copyright characters I can borrow ! I count at least 20 .
HEY THE BIBLE IS OUT OF COPYRIGHT BY LIKE A THOUSAND OF YOUR EARTH YEARS
JUST SAYIN'
Woah , God says I can rip off the bible ! !
Okay so what characters are in it ? There's you , obviously , and that bro who built the big boat .
NOAH
No , uh , what ?
NO I MEAN NOAH HE WAS THE ONE WHO BUILT THE BOAT
Okay , but what was his name ?
OKAY FOCUS ON ISAAC INSTEAD
You sick . . . of what ?
Huh ?
I KNOW YOU'RE DOING THIS ON PURPOSE T - REX YOU KNOW WHAT JUST USE RUTH
Okay ! I will use that feeling of pity and grief , but WHICH BIBLE CHARACTER SHOULD I HAVE BE RUTH AND / OR RUTHLESS ?
Aaron ?
Huh ? What sort of errand ?
LATER :
Hah Hah Hah ! !
Whatever ; I had too many friends already anyway
Instead of stealing out - of - copyright characters , maybe original characters are the way to go ?
SOON .
Maybe Original characters are dumb and I hate them ? ?
After days of effort , I've only invented two of them : one is " Sherlock Bones " , who I admin was PARTIALLY inspired by Sherlock , but he's a dog now . only he cant solve crimes because he's a dog . His owner puts him into dog shows and has him running around poles and stuff . You know , He's okay at it .
And the other ?
" James Watt's Son " . He uh , writes down what the dog does .
These still seem pretty inspired by Sherlock Holmes
I know ! !
How am I supposed to come up with original characters if all I red is Sherlock Holmes stuff ?
Well - keep writing ! Eventually your stories have got to segue into somthing more original .
Got it !
LATER .
Meet " Fe5ac5 , the unknowable space - galactic page - a - day calendar from the year 646 ! He demands tribute from moon people ! !
T - Rex you went too far ! ! Your characters are now TOO original !
I CAN'T GO BACK
English has like a million words in it ! So we've got a word for everything , right ?
WRONG NO THAT'S WRONG STOP SAYING THAT
For example , the Portuguese have the word " saudade " which means basically " deep nostalgic longing for something that's left and is loved and which , though we may repress that knowledge , may never return . " You can even get the saudades for someone in the present while anticipating the future , or for something that doesn't even exist !
It's kind of like a frothy mixture of nostalgia and regret , right ?
Exactly !
So you can see why it appeals to me . We should lexicalize that sentiment into a single English word , so that we too might talk about it more easily and - - dare I dream - - more often ?
Okay ! What'll the word be ?
Let's go with . . . NOSTALGRETZ .
" I've got nostalgretz for the town I grew up in : we moved away after it was destroyed by aliens and that battle was covered up the the man ; I'm on the run now because , like the truth , I refuse tho be silenced . "
That sentence was a lie but the sentiment within it : 100 % real !
TYPES OF HATS
Alright , let's get the easy ones out of the way first !
Top hats are those ones that are easy to draw !
You've also got bowler hats , which are like round top hats , a little ? And then you've got pith helmets , which are , um , retro explorer hats I think .
Oh , and those fancy fake white wigs that olde - timey judges wear . They're BASICALLY hats .
What about the D'Orsay ? It's a beaver hat with a curved brim , but as much as , say , the Wellington .
Whoah !
You - you actually know about hats ! You should be doing the talking here . I ran out of ideas after four hats ! !
One of those was a wig .
Man , don't tell me ! I know I suck at hats ! !
Ever wonder why I go around unhatted with bald head a'gleaming in the sun ? It's due a little thing called , oh , I don't know THE SHAME OF IGNORANCE ? ?
Seriously though , please , proceed , I'm metaphorically all ears
Woah ! Sounds intense !
So let's find out !
Here we have a dead Dromiceiomimus , who died because she was too smokin' hot and too smokin' brilliant .
Aw , thanks T - Rex !
But as you can see even though she's dead , she's PRETTY FINE . Woah , I didn't even mean that in the " fine as in sexy " sense ! ! That's awesome !
And here is Utahraptor , also a corpse !
I'm not dead !
As you can see , he denies the fact of his death and walks the earth , a restless spirit , unable to pass into the next realm .
I'm not a ghost . I eat food !
He is a ghost who eats our food . He doesn't even need to !
What a dick !

I hope we all learned a lot today !
Adding " you may quote me " after any sentence makes me seem awesome ! You may quote me .
You guys , too many songs are sad ! ! You may quote me .
I hate it when you're watching a movie with your parents and there's a sex scene ! Yes , you may quote me .
Sometimes I don't reply to emails and then tell people that my spam filter got them . YOU may quote me .
For breakfast I dined on the unfertilized eggs of a chicken . You may quote me now .
I think this kinda just makes you sound like an egotistical jerk !
Ouch !
Utahraptor , sometimes - sometimes I wish you wouldn't call me such awful things like that . You may quote me .
Okay , I feel bad . Mainly for the first part of what you said though . Still , I'm sorry .
Apology accepted .
. . . And you may quote me !
LATER , T - REX STOPS SAYING " YOU MAY QOUTE ME " BECAUSE HE REALIZES HE LIKES HAVING PALS :
Yay pals ! And yes , YOU MAY QUO -
. . . um , I mean " you may quo - estion individual agency given the reality of societal constraints . "
I have written all the numbers from 1 to 1000 ! By hand . Just now .
It's okay ! Jealousy is the natural reaction .
It's not actually that impressive , T - Rex . I figure I've PROBABLY done it , just as a matter of course !
Oh , sure , " probably " ! But I have CERTAINLY done it , because I sat down and did it . It only took an hour , and now I don't have to live with doubt or uncertainty . I don't have to live with probablys !
I fail to see the benefit !
Um , I DOUBLE CHECKED THE NUMBER SYSTEM ?
I have verified by brute force that all these numbers exist AND can be written ! Don't worry , mathematicians , the whole number system has been verified secure up to 1000 . . . thanks to ME .
For i = 1 to 1000 , print i , loop
HELLO , UTAHRAPTOR , I'M NOT A COMPUTER
BEEP BOOP BEEP BOOP
ERROR 5000 : NOT ACTUALLY A COMPUTER , UTAHRAPTOR
Hey , here's a fun thing to do ! Take your current age and double it ! DO IT RIGHT NOW
Wow , that's a big number , huh ?
Now imagine actually being that - I'll say it - OLD . Crazy , isn't it ? The idea of living life at such an age , knowing each day that you're just getting older still . Imagine what your life would be like then , some of your friends gone , others changed almost beyond recognition . You don't keep in touch with them all anymore , obviously . Well , anyway : good news ! You're already half - way there !
T - Rex , that's terrible ! Now I feel super old and sad !
No worries !
Take your current age and sextuple it . The odds of you being dead at that point are , how do I put this , " nontrivial " .
That makes me feel worse ! !
Okay , take your current age and divide it by six ! Now you're a kid again !
You have forgotten a lifetime of accumulated memories , make significantly fewer contributions to society , and may even poop your pants . Welcome to being alive ! It uh , kinda sucks at both ends !
What've we got for punctuation ? Basically it's : ' ? . , ; " ! and a bunch of brackets , right ?
HOW ARE YOU DOING THAT
We can do better !
And YES , novel punctuation has been proposed before , and usually they're combinations of existing marks : question plus exclamation gives you the interrobang ! Snooze ! Comma plus exclamation gives you the exclamation comma . Oh , sorry , I just FELL ASLEEP because of how boring these punctuation marks are .
I just RHETORICALLY FELL ASLEEP .
You propose something different ?
Absolutely !
OFF THE TOP OF MY HEAD : punctuation that says " I'm saying this literally but I'd love for you to read into it " . So I could say " Hey , we should hang out more " or " The eagle cries at midnight " and folks would pause and say " YES . YES WE SHOULD / IT DOES . "
You'll need a mark for this punctuation !
No problem ! It's a tarantula intently staring at you , all 88 _ 88
Why - why a tarantula ?
I'm sorry , are you saying when you invent punctuation you DON'T want to make it as badass as possible ?
Alright everyone , listen up . We're gonna do it this time . We're gonna power through and we're gonna learn about SONNETS .
* ahem *
Sonnets are 14 - line poems usually with iambic pentameter !
And what are iambic pentameters ? WHO KNOWS ? ? I looked 'em up and TURNS OUT , all it says is it's a phrase that means " having fiave iambs " . TERRIFIC . Then I looked up " iamb " and it said they're a metrical foot , so that's , what , 30 centimetres ?
Have we all learnt about sonnets yet ?
Please say yes
I think metrical means " regarding meter " , not " in metric " . Meter is a poem thing , right ?
Then what's a foot ? ?
LATER :
Okay , internet says feet are " a metrical unit that generates a line of verse " . Maybe that's related ?
My internet said imabic comes from Iambe , the Greek goddess of verse . Because there's gods for that ? But then it talked about accentual - syllabic verse ?
LATER :
Attention sonneteers ! !
You win , you get all the sonnets for yourself / I've put my dictionary back up on the shelf / Is this a sonnet ? I don't know / Hidey hidey hidey ho
Okay , forget sonnets with their rules nested within rules ! You know what's easy ? FREE VERSE .
FREE VERSE WITH PURCHASE , BABY .
See what I did there ? It's like that " free Tibet with purchase of another Tibet " joke , but I'm using " purchase " in the " get a firm grip or footing " sense , so my poetry will be free verse that is solid and allows for easy understanding .
I saw , T - Rex !
You're the best , Dromiceiomimus !
So let's hear this free verse !
Hold on to your sanity , my friend , because YOU ALREADY ARE !
Everything I'm saying is free verse !
I though free verse still had to , you know , have poetic elements in it .
Oh , crap , that's just because I wasn't using my reading voice . One sec .
Okay , forget sonnets with their rules ( nested within rules ) you know what's easy ? free verse free verse ( with purchase ? ) baby
You win this round
There comes a time in every life when thon decides to look up thon's name in the dictionary !
TODAY I AM THON .
ANYWAY " rex " means king , obvs , but then I looked up " T " and it turns out the way you describe the sound a " t " makes is as a " voiceless alveolar plosive " ! GUYS , I COULD BE CALLED VOICELESS A . PLOSIVE REX .
I'll say it : it's a pretty badass name ! !
I know , right ?
I imagine a lone samurai who never speaks ( BUT WHO SECRETLY CAN ) and who can explode if needed . So badass !
What about the alveolar part though ?
No worries ! It means " Near or involving the tooth sockets " , which , come on , is amazing .
SOON :
Hi ! My name is Voiceless A . Plosive Rex but you can call me " Tooth Sockets " , because I always punch out teeth , exposing the sockets !
How come you're talking , Voiceless ?
Because ROLEPLAY is HARD
I don't want to brag but I'm REALLY GOOD at relationships . All my sweeties have said so !
Before we broke up , I mean ! !
T - REX FIXES THE RELATIONSHIPS
Dromiceiomimus , tell me about your relationship problems !
Okay , well , there's this guy at work who I'm pretty sure thinks that I'm dumb , but I don't know how to broach the subject beyond saying " Hey , I'm not dumb . "
Hah ! Wow !
" Awkward ! ! "
Well , Dromiceiomimus , this is certainly a tricky probl -
Dromiceiomimus is that way , dude !
You're not fixing her relationship problems ! You're running away from her because you don't know how to fix her problem !
Oh , it's true ! But it'd be SO AWKWARD to walk up to someone and say " hey I'm not really dumb , just FYI " , wouldn't it ? I'm in over my head here !

Dromiceiomimus , I made you a card to give that guy ! The outside says " I'M NOT DUMB " and the inside says " HEY MAN , SCREW YOU "
Wait , no !
On the inside it says " MAYBE YOU'RE DUMB INSTEAD ! IF THAT'S TRUE : HAH HAH , CALLED IT "
Attention , scientists ! Is there a SCIENTIFIC reason why poops are so gross ?
Because poops are provably so gross ! !
At first I thought maybe they're gross because they're waste , but not all waste is gross . Rabbit poops are cute little pellets that don't really smell . But cow poops are giant puddles of sorrow ! Sometimes they're crusty with sun - heated puddles of sorrow inside .
T - Rex ! Gross ! !
I Know ! Scientists need to look into this ! !
Maybe we think they're gross because they're bad to eat ?
I do try to eat MOST things .
But if the body uses taste and smell to let us know instrinctually what's good to eat , is that 100 % ? Or are there poisons that taste SO GOOD that you go to your grave saying " Dudes . That taste : TOTALLY WORTH IT . " ?
I have no idea .
Neither do I ! I'm talking out of my ass here !
Oh my gosh I'm SO SORRY , I did not realize how gross that expression was until I said it .
After I said it , I imagined it . Then -
* sigh *
Then , like you , I felt the regrets
I HAVE COME UP WITH THE BEST PASSWORD EVER . But I can't tell anyone !
Because it's a password !
What the heck , passwords !
Maybe you can tell me what your previous passwords were , and get satisfaction that way !
NICE TRY , Dromiceiomimus ! ! My new passwords are variations on my awesome old ones , PLUS , by revealing them I give you more data points with which you can reconstruct my password choice preferences !
Come on , give us at least a hint !
Okay . FINE .
It involves alphabetic Latinate graphemes AND glyphs from the European instantiation of the Hindu - Arabic numerational system .
Are those - -
Yeah . Yeah , those are the standard letters and numbers you're thinking of .
Hah hah ! Nobody knows my rad password is " by storing this in your database you admit T - Rex is 1000 % awesome and that you owe him $ 5000 ! ! STORING THESE WORDS MARKS YOUR CONSENT ; NO BACKSIES ALLOWED . "
It's a long password but it's gonna pay off ! In dollars ! !
Oh crap ! Did you forget not to be single this year ? Did that just plain slip your mind , champ ?
WELL TOO BAD FOR YOU BECAUSE IT'S
VALENTINE'S DAY
AND WE NEED TO BE ALL ABOUT THAT CRAZY LITTLE THING CALLED " AFFECTION MORTALS HAVE FOR THINGS THAT LIKE THEM WILL ALSO DIE "
You mean love ? Possessive monogamous romantic love ?
All sorts of love ! Even NON - possessive NON - monogamous NON - romantic love !
What's that ?
PALS .
Pals have other pals and you don't mind when they pal around - IN FACT , you want them to , because then it means more pals for you ! And it's not just romantic either : it's just pals , man ! Let us celebrate PAL LOVE , the exact opposite of what Hallmark wants you to buy .
Hooray for pals !
SOON :
" Thank you for being a friend . Travelled down the road and back again . Your heart is true : you're a pal and a confidant . " Aww , what a nice card you made , T - Rex !
It's totally plagiarized but the sentiment remains totally real !
God , you're omniscient , right ? You know everything !
YUP
EVERYTHING everything ?
I KNOW YOUR DREAMS LAST NIGHT THAT WERE SO BORING EVEN YOU FORGOT THEM ALREADY
MY private dreams ? BORING ? ! Does this mean that when you're listening to everything we say and watching everything we do to determine if we're good or not , sometimes you'd rather be doing something else ?
T - REX YOU'RE THINKING OF SANTA
. . . Okay .
Yes I am .
So you agree , T - Rex , that omniscient means knowing EVERYTHING .
EVERYTHING everything !
That means God knows the fully - accurate position AND momentum of every particle in the universe , thus violating the Heisenberg uncertainty principle . We have a contradiction , therefore , God does not exist and you're crazy for hearing him ! !
* gasp *
T - REX YOU NEED TO EXIST TO RAP THEREFORE ANYONE WHO DOESN'T EXIST WOULDN'T RAP
I SAID A HIP HOP A HIPPIE A HIPPIE TO THE HIP HIP HOP AND YOU DON'T STOP
Q E D BABY
phew
Okay , so we use food to build our bodies , right ? Everything we are comes from food . Even the sperm and egg cells we came from were made by our parents out of food .
These are Science Facts !
Anyway , I was just thinking that how weird it is that our bodies are basically PROCESSED FOOD , but when processed food comes OUT of our bodies ( tears , hair ) we throw it away !
. . . Sometimes we eat it if it's boogers and we're kids .
You throw your tears away ?
Well , I don't sell 'em for profits !
Look , it's just weird that we're food is all . Especially when we CONSUME OUR OWN BODIES to help them grow !
What ? No we don't . That's gross !
Um , hello , I'm pretty sure you've not spat out every drop of saliva that ever squirted into your mouth ! !
Welcome to the world , babies ! It turns out being alive means you keep your mouth moist with your own juices , only sometimes it's too much juices , so you chug 'em into your belly and feed on them like they're food . Sometimes it happens while you sleep !
Yayyy mortality
The first telegram sent read " WHAT HATH GOD WROUGHT " : an amazingly classy message for an amazingly classy medium !
DUDE THAT'S SUPER CLASSY
I know ! Nice work , Telegraph Joe !
CLASSINESS OF MEDIA BY FIRST MESSAGE SENT
# 1 : TELEGRAPH
# 2 : TELEPHONE
The first message sent on the telephone was " Mr . Watson , come here , I want to see you " , which is obviously less classy but still not terrible . It's a solid " Bro , let's hang out , bro " message ! Plus : it's got a nice Sherlock Holmes reference !
No it doesn't
Nice work , Telephone Tim !
# 3 : EMAIL
Oh god , email . THE WORST .
IT'S SO BAD .
The first email ever sent was " QWERTYUIOP " , a caps lock dude literally running his finger along the keyboard , and we're surprised that email today is mostly lolcat forwards ?
If you want a classy medium you need to start with a classy message ! When I invent one , the first message is gonna be CLASS .
# [ LAST PLACE ] : T - REX'S " WEE - MAIL " :
It's email that's so fun you say " weeee ! " and give a thumbs up when you read it ! I just sent the first weemail ever : " weee - d ( ^ _ ^ d ) "
Also !
That's the last wee - mail ever , I'm not made of weemails over here
LET'S ALL LEARN ABOUT CATS
Okay ! The first cat was named " Carty McCat " !
LET'S ALL LEARN TRUE FACTS ABOUT CATS
Aww maaaaan !
FINE . Cats evolved from protocats , probably . I dunno . I bet we domesticated cats because we liked them and found them convenient . You can catch diseases from cats . You can catch diseases from anything . LIFE HACK : Don't lick anything you don't want to get sick from !
That includes subway poles ! !
You don't seem to be that big into these cat facts , my friend !
I honestly don't know much about cats !
I could tell you some dog facts that would BLOW YOUR MIND , but when it comes to cat facts , I don't really - know . . . any ?
Cats are the most popular pet in the world and a group of cats is called a clowder .
Thank you . Utahraptor , ladies and gentlemen !
HERE'S A CAT FACT T - REX YOU CAN'T SPELL " FACTS " WITHOUT JUMBLING UP THE LETTERS IN " CATS "
OH AND WITHOUT THROWING AN " F " INTO THE MIX TOO OF COURSE
Thank you . THE MAN WHO CREATED THE UNIVERSE , ladies and gentlemen .
The buds of a young sunflower turns towards the sun , following its course throughout the day . Go sunflowers ! But in another more meaningful sense , whatever , it's just a plant .
But now , let's assume the sunflower is as conscious as I am ! !
That's some sunflower ! This sunflower can now CHOOSE to follow the sun , or choose otherwise . Obviously an intelligent sunflower would follow the sun , because that's the best thing to ensure the sunflower : s health and survival ! So what does consciousness gain the sunflower ? Nothing ! It's totally impossible to tell a conscious sunflower from a regular GARDEN - VARIETY one by looking at what it does !
And maybe we could extend the same argument to . . . US ?
Exactly !
Well , you're overlooking the fact that what consciousness does is give us a choice ! a conscious sunflower could CHOOSE not to follow the sun , and the it's behaving differently .
oh , terrific ! So the only thing to argue for consciousness is that it lets us practice intentional self harm ? YAY FOR SELF AWARENESS ? ?
I slept in on purpose because I was afraid of facing the day , therefore I am .
If I go outside when it's super cold , after a few hours I would die . My body would be found inside a giant ice cube .
PRETTY SURE FREEZING DOESN'T WORK THAT WAY
My body would be found inside a giant RHETORICAL ice cube !
Similarly , if I hold my breath , that'll kill me after a few minutes too ! In fact , if I do ANYTHING uninterrupted for too long it's fatal .
Even conversation ?
Talk for too long and you die of dehydration ! YOu can talk for at most 3 days nonstop and them BAM ! Dead !
Well I for one would like to know what these ceilings are , so I don't hot them accidentally !
Me too !
How long eating carrots is too long ? How much sex is fatal sex ? How many chuckles in a row until you chuckle your last ? ?
Like a calorie - counting app , but instead it tells you how long ANYTHING takes to kill you !
YES ! Call it , " Too much of a Good Thing " .
No wait , call it " Death Lurks Everywhere " ! No wait , call it " You Can Kiss Yourself to Death , So , Um - Keep That In Mind ? "
No wait , we should get the software developed before we worry about naming it !
No , wait !
That sounds like the boring part ! !
Have you ever wanted to study the paranormal ? Probably , huh ? Well bros , today is your lucky day because we're going up to my attic and examining all those ghosts up there !
Let's see what they REALLY want , bros ! !
LATER :
Anyway , Dromiceiomimus , it turns out all the ghosts really wanted to do was sit quietly and be invisible and impossible to touch .
Ghosts , huh ?
Ghosts ! They're pretty boring ! I guess when you die you're like " Finally , a chance to be invisible and undetectable . I'm not wasting this opportunity by talking to some living dude . " Nobody even threw a plate !
Well , it's only poltergeists that throw things !
What ?
Yeah dude , all poltergeists are ghosts but not all ghosts are poltergeists . You're only one if you've got enough psychokinetic energy in you to interact with the physical plane . Of course , some locations carry their own PK energy .
Hah hah of course
I wanted to talk about how ghosts are really just the ultimate creepy voyeurs but Utahraptor knows way more than me about ghosts
So he probably already knows they're really just the ultimate creepy voyeurs
An ancient evil , known only as The Eternal Flame , has awoken . The best our mortal minds can comprehend it is as a giant undead burning mass of eyes and flesh . When it looks into your eyes , it - - changes you . Turns you into something . . . like it .
" Close your eyes ! " shouts Captain Hero , as he and his assistant enter the creature's realm !
Miss Trish covers her face as Captain Hero dons his latest invention : refracting anti - evil goggles . He alone can gaze upon the horror safely . If they can just get close enough , the two of them can banish it once more . " Give me your hand , darling , " he says confidently , leading Trish forward . Suddenly , the monster spins and , in one strike , smashes the Captain's goggles and slices his chest wide open . But instead of dying , he . . . he starts to change .
Already he can feel darkness overtaking his mind , consuming him .
He tries to tell her to run , but he can't !
What's left of Captain Hero forces Trish's hand into his gaping , bloody chest , touching his now - motionless heart . " Do you feel my heart beating ? ? " he gasps . Trish cries , shaking her head no . " DO YOU UNDERSTAND ? ? " he shouts , his eyes pleading with her to run .
There's not much time left before he turns completely .
T - REX YOU'VE PLAGIARIZED 100 % THE DIALOGUE IN THIS STORY FROM THE BANGLES AND THEIR # 1 MEGAHIT LOVE BALLAD " ETERNAL FLAME "
Plagiarized is a super weird way to pronounce " liberated " , dude ! !
Huh
Must be your weird accent
Buying land means you own the ground ! You own it so you can put a basement there . And clearly you ALSO own the space above the ground , since that's where you put your house !
By owning land , you own a tiny slice of delicious planetary pie !
But don't forget that the earth is a sphere ! So just like pie , your slice of ownership is narrow at the tip ( the earth's core ) and gets wider as we approach the edge ( the land you live on ) . But it doesn't stop there ! You also own the space ABOVE the land , and that volume gets bigger and bigger as we get higher and higher , extending out into the sky !
Land ownership doesn't work that way ! There's separate mining and airspace rights .
For us , maybe !
But all it takes is one alien that doesn't put these limits on " up " for this to get CRAZY . The universe is ENORMOUS , and a distant someone's tiny slice of ownership could extend LIGHT YEARS wide , with all of Earth inside ! And there's got to be conflicting land claims , Utahraptor . ALIENS WILL FIGHT OVER US .
And with rotating planets , the lands they fight over are constantly shifting , which mean NON - STOP WAR FOR EARTH from a near infinite array of alien foes !
It could also just mean non - stop legal proceedings .
Once again , Utahraptor , MY version of reality is WAY more awesome
Imagine an alien race that poops their pants all the time ! They walk around and everything would be fine and then BAM : poopy pants .
" Shucks but I wish we'd invented bathrooms ! " they'd say !
" Or at the very least , I wish I wouldn't poop my pants when I saw something that reminded me of pooping my pants . " This is us with feelings ! We see something super sad and then BAM : sad for the rest of the day . Or maybe you just REMEMBER something sad and BAM : your good mood is gone ! Sometimes you poop your pants ( i . e . : feel sad ) and don't even know why ! ! Is that really any way to live ?
You're seriously comparing emotions to pooping your pants ?
Both can happen without NEARLY enough warning !
All I'm saying is this : wouldn't it be great if we had a feelings washroom , where we could attend to our emotions for a couple of minutes and then COMPLETELY FORGET ABOUT THEM AND GET ON WITH OUR LIVES ? The answer : oh gosh yes
Feelings aren't something to be ashamed of , to be disposed of in private !
Um , hello ? A lot of them are ! Should we be proud of our bitter jealousies ? Our murderous angers ? Our crippling shames ? ?

LISTEN YOU NEED TO INTERACT WITH PEOPLE BETTER AND STOP TAKING EVERYTHING SO PERSONALLY
a web card
Please read what this card says because it applies 100 & to you ! !
You've long ago segued from being oddly defensive about everything to being oddly OFFENSIVE about everything , pre - emptively addressing any criticism you imagine you might one day receive with an attack ! And we're all sick of it ! Talking to you isn't a relaxing experience , because we're all worried about messing up and ending on your enemies list !
Learn some social skills !
PLEASE .
Although , sending a web card isn't really the best way to address this . Maybe the sender of this card has some problems with social skills too !
Passive aggression for one !
Not knowing what's appropriate for a web - card for another !
LOOK , WE ALL HAVE PROBLEMS : a web card
The sender of this card sent one copy to you and kept a second copy around to read personally .
Okay !
Good luck working things out , you crazy kids ! !
What time is it , God ? !
ADVEN -
No it's 3 : 31 pm EST .
Hah hah ! Zing !
HOW IS THAT A JOKE YOU JUST ASKED ME WHAT TIME IT WAS AND THEN TOLD ME THE TIME
It's a little thing called ANTIHUMOUR ? A horse walks into a bar ! He causes a commotion and , terrified , tramples several patrons . Hah hah hah ! THEY DIED !
THAT HAPPENED ONCE
. . . Oh .
Well , now I feel horrible !
Why ?
Oh , I tried to make a joke involving people dying and equines but God was all " that happened once " .
Well , at least he didn't say " that will happen " ! Or worse , " Now that you've SAID it , that will happen " .
Or " now that you've said it , it will happen to YOU ! "
Hmmm . . . Hey God , have you heard this one ? " A horse walks into a bar ! He causes a commotion and T - Rex becomes a millionaire ! ! Also all the sexies like him ( " sexies " is my word for sexy people ! ) "
. . .
Nothing , huh ?
The best form of monarchy is CONSTITUTIONAL monarchy ! Perhaps you could even say that it's the
KING
of governmental systems ? ? It's great ! You can set it up so you get a figurehead monarch who is fun to print on your money , but the REAL power is still with the people !
Why have the monarch at all then ? Seems like a really expensive way just to keep one rich family happ - -
DROMICEIOMIMUS
THOSE ARE FORBIDDEN THOUGHTS
I'm not afraid to say there's tons of downsides !
Name one !
You have a crazy useless head of state ? Also , you end up with weird pro - regent laws where if you have a Queen everything SECRETLY belongs to her and if you pull an April Fool's prank on her you go to jail .
Come on . That's not a real law .
* ahem *
" Every one who wilfully , in the presence of Her Majesty , does an act with intent to alarm Her Majesty . . . is guilty of an indictable offence and liable to imprisonment for a term not exceeding 14 years . "
Oh shoot
Looks like my April Fool's day just opened up
I think I have sex addiction , but like , for food !
Oh my gosh it's so freeing to finally say this out loud .
I wanna eat food like three times a day ! !
And I wanna eat it at home and sometimes I wanna go out and eat it in public and I DON'T CARE IF ANYONE SEES ME . In fact , if I know the person watching me , I usually invite them to join in !
Do you want to eat food . . . in front of your family ?
I won't lie ! I've done it ! !
Have you ever . . . PAID for food ?
Absolutely !
When I'm in a relationship sometimes my sweetie and I make food together , but often I'll have to go out and pay for it . Or sometimes I'll just take care of it myself . There's no shame in that !
I'm not saying there is !
Utahraptor , sometimes I think about food EVEN WHILE EATING OTHER FOODS .
Fancier foods , you know ? Or foods that my partner is unwilling or unable to cook for me . I buy food magazines to read about things I haven't tried yet . I -
I catch myself downloading food pictures when I'm supposed to be working
As a man who has read SEVERAL books , I am fully qualified to give you
EVEN MORE TIPS ON WRITING
Okay so here is what people care about : plot . Sometimes people say they care about characters and characters studies and studying characters , but they're kidding themselves because you know what characters do ? PLOT .
They " do plot " ?
THEY DO PLOT .
So give us some tips on writing plot !
No problem !
Have cool stuff happen , make the cool stuff awesome too , and it's always neat when dudes get lazered . Ooh ! Or explode . Nobody has ever said a bad thing about a story where lazered dudes explode .
I'll do it : " that lazer dude story needed better characterization . "
* gasp *
Lazered dudes are not as relatable as romantic comedy !
* GAAASP *
I've never read a lazered dude story that even compared to the LESSER works of Shakespeare !
* GAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAASP *
* cough *
Why are you doing this to me
The strangers I pass on the street could actually be tourists from the future , trained to fit in perfectly ! There's no way for me to know !
Because if you're doing time tourism , you're going to do it right !
Every trip would start with identities being inserted into official records : a twenty - - year - old travelling to 1950 means going back to 1930 to insert birth records , and trips after that to establish education , work history , etc . It's tons of prep for one trip !
What about time travellers breaking character ?
Hah ! PLEASE . They've been trained since birth !
Every candidate time traveler consents to their personal history being modified !
Really ?
Of course ! Childhood is replaced with training for your time trip , and only those that pass get to go ! The failed candidates get their original timeline restored , no harm no foul . And if you DO mess up in the past , overseers roll back your entire trip !
I see . So time travel is fool - proof ?
Yep ! The only reason we've never caught any tourists from the future is that any we could catch never travel through time in the first place !
THAT SAID :
I suspect my mailman may have knowledge beyond his years if you know what I'm saying
There are a bunch of classic " who would win in a fight " pairings : apples v . oranges ! Star Trek v . Star Wars ! Mozart v . Beethoven ! Google v . Apple !
I propose settle this once and for all , TOURNAMENT STYLE !
SOON :
Dromiceiomimus , don't go to the bathroom ! Star Trek is fighting Star Wars in there .
The - franchises are fighting each other ?
Yeah ! ! You wanna go see ? The winner has to go up against oranges !
Wait , oranges beat apples ?
Yes ! It was awful . . . ly awesome ! !
And Google beat Apple , which means if oranges win , then we'll FINALLY find out once and for all who would win in a fight : Google or oranges !
How big are these oranges ?
FRIGGIN HUGE , my friend !
LATER :
Google easily defeated some oranges ! ! And yet -
* sigh *
And yet , every time Gmail is down I can't help but wish it'd gone the other way
I wish I knew what I touched because my hands smell friggin' awesome today !
* sniff *
Delightful !
You wanna smell , Dromiceiomimus ?
No thank you , T - Rex !
It's okay , I'll describe it with words ! It starts shyly but soon coquettishly reveals a delightful sweetness , not cloying , with hints of musk . Warm , elegant notes of pepper and elderflower , piquant and vivid , highlight the finish .
Mine smell similarly , but with subtle honeyed fragrances !
What did our hands get UP to ?
I never want this scent to end , yet I know it must ! Just as the memory of pain is never as intense as the cut itself , so too will our memories of this scent fail us , allowing us only the shallowest , faded copy of this wonderful sensation .
We must treasure this moment - - this scent , this gift from our hands - - even as we forget it .
Such beauty
* sniiiiiiff *
cannot long exist in our fallen mortal plane
* sniiiiiiff *
though we are greater for having witnessed its brief
* sniiiiiiff *
appearance
It's time to face facts . I've picked up - how do I say this delicately - " an expensive habit " ?
T - REX ARE YOU DOING -
YES .
I'm doing OPERA .
OH PHEW I THOUGHT YOU WERE DOING DRUGS
Oh , I do them too ! I've done asperin , dude . I follow the instructions on the label !
NO I THOUGHT YOU MEANT HARD DRUGS
The instructions CAN be quite complicated
What I love about opera is that it's something I can't do !
Have you tried ?
Please !
It's like Batman : you need to have a singular focus on training since childhood to pull off such elite performance , and none of us did ! But these singers and musicians DID have that drive and training . Once I realized opera singers were Music Batmen I got really into it .
I can see that !

Oh my god what if Bruce Wayne's parents had been killed by NOT having music around ? ? I'm watching the results of that right now !
* sniff * - It's so beautiful
MYSTERIES OF THE UNIVERSE
Let us explore them . . . together !
Okay ! Here come the mysteries of the universe !
So ! . . . Are there any universal mysteries you'd like explored , Dromiceiomimus ?
I can't think of any right now !
Okay .
Well , if you change your mind , let me know !
I will !
Here's one for you : how come dogs don't laugh ?
EXCELLENT !
Rats actually do make a high - pitched noise during play ( and when tickled ! ) which could be laughter .
I asked about dogs .
Yes , and I answered about rats . This is but one more . . . MYSTERY OF THE UNIVERSE ?
Weaaaaaak
SOON :
Geez , that conversation went WAY better in my head . At least it did when I practised it in the shower , each and every morning during the several weeks leading up to it !
* sigh *
Screw you guys , I'M going back to the shower ! !
He's my brother from another mother !
She's my sister from another mister !
She's my wife from another life !
She's my fianc ? e from some other day !
" SORRY BABY , YOU KNEW THE RISKS INVOLVED IN FALLING FOR A GUY WHO AVERAGES ONE FIANC ? E A DAY "
He's my twin from another skin !
No wait , from another kin !
She's my niece from another Maurice ! That one works if you know two Maurices , with nieces .
I don't know any . I mean , I know a guy some people call Maurice , but I'm not one of them .
What do you call him ?
I call him " Spencer " because that's his name .
THE END
Man , parties used to be awesome ! There'd always be somebody hooking up with somebody else and then there would be
DRAAAAMAAAAA
But now , everyone I know is in stupid stable , long - term relationships !
So now you go to parties and just have a good time ?
EXACTLY ! I miss going to parties and having a good time AND getting sweet gossip !
Sometimes there were even FREE SHOWS
And soon these pals are gonna get MARRIED , and then the party drama stops forever !
Not necessarily !
You're forgetting what follows from marriage four out of ten times : DIVORCE .
Holy smokes , you're right ! Divorced friends hooking up with each other's exes is going to be INTENSE !
Guess you've just got to sit tight and wait for the relationships to end !
Oh my gosh it's going to be so great ! To watch once in a while at parties I mean , not to live it 24 / 7
Hah hah
Bruce Swain , my legally and creatively distinct character , moves to New York City ! And his parents get shot by criminals , so he decides to change his name and fight crime !
He decides he must become . . . Abe Atman !
And Abe Atman has a friend , Joe Kerr , only Joe falls at work one day and suffers brain damage . He's - - well , he's criminally insane . Abe tries to help him , but Joe keeps getting worse , falling in with criminals like Pen Guinn ( car theft ) and the one and only Rita Lerr ( computer espionage ) !
Wait a minute . . . Penn Guinn ? THE Rita Lerr ?
MAY I REMIND YOU MY CHARACTERS ARE LEGALLY AND CREATIVELY DISTINCT ? ?
T - Rex , did you even try making up your own characters ?
I did ! Quite successfully , obvs !
No , what you've done is convert Batman names into semi - plausible given names . Why not write a story where Batman goes undercover as " Abe Atman " ? At least that would be more honest .
And the Riddler goes undercover as " Rita Lerr " ! AND THEN THEY GO ON A DATE BY ACCIDENT ! YES . THIS IS AMAZING .
SOON : NOBODY WANTS TO BUY T - REX'S HOME - MADE COMICS :
Hey , God ! Please grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change ; the courage to change the things I can ; and the wisdom to know why people would buy other comics when mine has the Riddler in drag in it ? ?
BUSINESS IDEA : god trading cards !
Wait , hear me out !
They'd be like superhero trading cards , with a sweet picture on the front and then facts the back . Real Name ! First Appearance ! Battles Fought ! But also STATS , so you'd know speed , stamina , intelligence , strength , agility AND durability on a scale of 1 to 7 , and you could FINALLY have an informed conversation about which god could beat up which other god !
But wouldn't all the stats be maxed out ?
Nope !
The cards are written by followers of OTHER religions , to minimize stat inflation !
Wouldn't each god's stats be at zero then ?
OKAY FINE the cards are written by ME after I become a polytheist who intimately knows every single religion ! ! GAME SET AND MATCH , baby .
LATER :
MAN this is a lot of work for trading cards
Let us start with the assumption that not all people are duds !
HOW TO MAKE FRIENDS
It sure would be nice to hang out with those non - duds , huh ? It seems to me the easiest way to make this happen is to go where they go . Like , for example , if non - duds like to hang out in giant rooms where every surface is covered in momentum increasing trampolines - - which honestly seems PRETTY LIKELY - - then that's where you should chill !
Okay , enjoy the new friends , thank me later !
Momentum - increasing trampolines ?
Could anything be more fun ? ? THE ANSWER : no .
But you'd eventually end up smeared into a red mist !
There's safeties built in ! Once you approach red mist territory , the room's trampolines become merely momentum MAINTAINING .
Alright , I'm in . This sounds awesome !
IT TURNS OUT SUCH ROOMS DO NOT EXIST :
How is it possible that I imagine momentum - increasing trampoline rooms IN SUCH AMAZING DETAIL if they don't actually exist ? ?
How - -
How is this a just universe
Who likes doing math in their head ? NOT ME , LADIES . So to help us ALL out , I've decided to
SIMPLIFY IDIOMATIC EXCHANGE RATES
YES . For example , instead of saying you work a 9 to 5 job , normalize that puppy ! You're working 1 . 8 to 1 . Hey presto !
But that's not -
Dromiceiomimus , I've been working on this 24 / 7 ; I'm PRETTY SURE I know what I'm talking about ! Or should I say . . . I've been working on this 3 . 42857 ? ?
Instead of hindsight being 20 / 20 , now hindsight is always 1 ?
Exactly ! You summed to a total of 4 !
I - oh . I put two and two together .
Yes ! I knew you'd figure this out ! You know what's going on with probability 0 . 9 .
Nine times out of ten , yep . You're second to none , T - Rex !
ERROR ! !
UNDEFINED RESULT
HOW TO WIN AT CHESS
First , you start a game of chess with Dromiceiomimus where she plays white !
Then you start a game of chess with Utahraptor where he plays black !
THEN whatever Dromiceiomimus does in her game you do in Utahraptor's , and whatever Utahraptor does in response you do to Dromiceiomimus ! In effect , Dromiceiomimus and Utahraptor are playing each other , BUT WITH ONE IMPORTANT DIFFERENCE : you're going to win at least one of these games ! Congratulations : YOU ARE NOW WINNING AT CHESS . " Check and mate , " you can say !
You should probably say that , actually .
You're only ever going to win half of these games !
Sure ! But I'm GUARANTEED that 50 % win !
And that guarantee holds no matter what strength of players I go up against . I can play two grandmasters and still win half the time ! Can YOU truly say the same thing ?
No , but I can truly say that I DON'T CHEAT AT CHESS .
Dude , there's no rule that says you can't play two games at once !
Please , there's also no rule that explicitly says a horse can't play chess , but that doesn't mean -
UTAHRAPTOR I HAVE TO GO
TO THE STABLES
FOR . . . FOR WHAT I CAN ONLY DESCRIBE AS " AWESOME REASONS "
Sherlock Holmes And the Mysterious Genie , by me : T - Rex ! Also featuring : my friends !
Once upon a time there was a genie who chilled in a lamp !
One day Sherlock Holmes found the lamp and rubbed it . Like all genies this one loved cleanliness so he flipped out when that one little spot got rubbed clean . The genie appeared and offered to grant Sherlock three wishes , which is kind of a big deal ! All this because one lamp got slightly cleaner . Can you imagine what would've happened if Sherlock vacuumed ?
Yes !
Well you don't have to because that's what Sherlock did next !
He vacuumed three carpets !
The genie flipped the heck out . " I grant you 999 , 999 , 999 wishes ! " he said , and then Sherlock dusted off a countertop and the genie said " Fuck it . One trillion trillion billion wishes ! " P . S . I don't know but I guess there are swears in this story ! !
Sherlock wished to be good at solving crimes !
Later , Sherlock shrugged . " I guess that's how come I'm so good at mysteries " , he said , sighing . " Yeah , I guess that really is how come . " The end !
. . .
Alright so if I change my name to Sir Arthur Conan Doyle this becomes canon right
Sherlock Holmes playfully hit the shoulder of figure hunched over his desk . " You aren't writing another one of your stories about me are you , SIR ARTHUR CONAN DOYLE ? "
Arthur laughed . " Guilty as charged ! " he said .
Sherlock knew the stories were popular , but he had to laugh at their inaccuracies . Watson was , of course , pure fiction . He knew Art had to make the substitution because nobody would believe that he was helped on his cases by his real best friend AND adopted son , a giant green Tyrannosaur Rex named T - Rex .
Oh no .
" Oh yes ! " said Sherlock . " He is my # 1 pal and he's smarter than me I'm pretty sure .
Suddenly James Moriarty appeared !
YES . He was Sherlock's nemesis in real life too .
" Hey UNSherlock BLOWmes , " laughed Moriarty . " Shut up , " said Sherlock , but Moriarty didn't . " Shut up , " said T - Rex , and Moriarty DID ! There was something about T - Rex's strange citrine eyes that made him afraid - and intrigued .
It's a shame you're not writing this down , because now it'll be lost forever .
What ? WHAT ? ! YOU HAVEN'T BEEN TAKING DICTATION ? ?
UTAHRAPTOR I'VE BEEN NARRATING STORIES TO YOU FOR NINE YEARS
AAAAAHHHHHHHH
Go back in time tens of thousands of years and you'll find a bunch of ancient people chilling out in caves or whatever , but they're anatomically and genetically identical to us !
That's because evolution takes a really long time , and we all just have to deal with it ?
And if you STOLE one of those prehistory babies and brought it back to the future , you could raise it as your own without any problems and it would blend into modern society without any special issues !
Your point , T - Rex ?
A cave dude plus education = a modern dude ! Or dudette ! Assuming people still say " dudette " !
I don't !
WEIRD ! !
Anyway , there's all this AMAZING POTENTIAL in those ancient people , left untapped because they hadn't figured out how to be smarter yet . Dude , there's at lease 50 , 000 years between our having the ability to invent writing and us actually inventing it .
That is a huge amount of time we kinda - wasted ?
EXACTLY ! The greatest gift anyone could give out planet is to go back in time and teach the cavechicks and cavebros how to write .
Bottom line !
I WANT HOLODECKS IN MY LIFETIME AND I'M NOT AFRIAD TO ENHANCE THE TIMELINE TO GET THEM .
Assuming aphorisms are 100 % accurate , NOBODY is going to shoot ME to death !
That's because I own a bullet with my name on it , ladies ! !
WHAT IF YOU DON'T DIE FROM A BULLET OVERDOSE THOUGH
* gasp *
SOON
Okay Okay ! Things with my name on them I now own include : a bullet , a salad , a flight of stairs , a blender , my dog because I taped it to him , a DVD , a CD , a cassette , a record , a wax cylinder , a computer , a bear if that guy on the computer is to be believed , an instance of every article of clothing I own , AND baking powder .
I should be safe - for a while ?
That's nowhere near to one of every noun ! What about butts ?
I need a butt with my name on it ; I admit it freely !
Dude , even if you DO buy one of everything on the planet and write your name on it -
- an enviable lifestyle -
- there's still stuff you can't buy ! The sun could explode , ASTEROIDS COULD HIT , and so on !
Hah ! " Asteroids . "
Whatever , space ! !
LITERARY TECHNIQUE COMICS
today's technique :
DRAMATIC IRONY
T - REX REMEMBER THE OTHER DAY WHEN YOU SAID YOU WANTED TO ENHANCE THE TIMELINE
Absolutely ! !
WELL WHY ENHANCE IT ONLY ONCE
. . . Holy cow ! Why indeed ? !
I enhance the past so there's holodecks in the present . And THEN I teach cavepeeps to invent those , and then return to the future and find new entertainment technology so AMAZING I can't even imagine it right now ! I could enhance the timeline over and over until me AND all the other time travellers conclude it can't possibly be enhanced any more ! !
Which leaves us with two possibilities :
Oh ?
One : time travel isn't possible and we're stuck with this timeline .
Boo ! LET'S IGNORE THAT ONE .
Two : time travel IS possible , and this timeline is absolutely the best one anyone could come up with
BOO ! THAT ONE -
THAT ONE GAVE ME THE SAD FEELINGS
Hands up if you want to go into space ! ! Wait , hold on , I'll answer for everyone
YES PLEASE
Space tourism is so close I can TASTE IT . You know what it tastes like ? ADVENTURE ! !
Can you imagine if someone brought you on a first date , and that date was to GO INTO SPACE ?
Oh my GOSH I would instantly marry them in space and I will tell you how many regrets I would about that in 3 . . . 2 . . . 1 . . .
ZERO REGRETS
Can you imagine playing Super Nintendo in space ?
OH MY GOODNESS
Let's do it , Utahraptor ! Let's see what it's like to LITERALLY stare into space . Let's go out on spacewalks with only our space jammies between us and the universe around us . Let's take off our space helmets real quick just to see what it's like ! !
Let's not do that last one
FINE
. . .
IS HOW I'LL SAY SPACE TASTES AS I TAKE OFF MY HELMET REAL QUICK
It sure is convenient that I have a vehicle that brings me places without breaking down ! I sure I'm glad I don't have to worry about being stranded on the side of the road in the middle of - -
LATER :
HAH HAH HAH FRIG THIS
What strange town is this ? There's this endless high - pitched screaming and dead birds everywhere . And you , ma'am , you look just like my friend Dromiceiomimus !
My name is " Skellington " and you are being racist for saying that all dromiceiomimoids look the same !
Aw shucks , accidental racisms !
Excuse me sir , are you lost ? !
Utahraptor ?
No , my name is " Skellington " .
But that other lady - -
- - is also named Skellington . You ARE lost , friend . Our town isn't on any maps . You've met with a terrible fate , haven't you ?
Hah hah hah okay LEAVING FOREVER NOW
LATER :
WALKING AWAY BACKWARDS SO I DON'T EVER HAVE TO TAKE MY EYES OFF OF YOU NOW
Who here wants to make out ? Because I want to make out !
I want to make out like a bandit !
Bandits : mysterious , dangerous , good at crimes , really good at pressin' lips together and moving them around a bit !
Maybe with a li'l tongue ?
Ooh ! Maybe ? ?
The expression means you got away with something , not that you kissed super well !
Utahraptor !
That's what it meant in history , before we ( the YOUNG generation ) invented makeouts ! ! Consider that expression's semantics : UPDATED .
Ah , so WE invented makeouts . Our generation was the first one to come up with them .
Absolutely ! !
Look man , you can live in a world where your parents made out just like you do , or you can live in a world where seniors are really jealous of our imaginations and the things we invented to do with our mouths
It's a normal day in space ! All is well aboard the most colossal and well - appointed of the Galacto - Civ starship fleet , the fair and lovely USS . . .
. . . TITANIC ? ?
Suddenly , there's a giant asteroid directly ahead ! " Hard to port ! " orders the captain .
And then they hit the asteroid and sink , or I guess explosively decompress or whatever ?
Nope ! Technology has advanced since boat times , Dromiceiomimus . They avoid the asteroid easily . Plus , you can see along way in space so nothing really sneaks up on you , you know ?
So why is the ship called " Titanic " ?
Hmm I guess because it's a TOTALLY AWESOME NAME ! ?
It's just - - usually when you reference something in a work of literature , you do it for a reason .
No I don't ! I do it because when I write I like to steal good things ! !
No , I meant the rhetorical " you " .
Yes I am quite good at public speaking
You guys !
Let's assume the universe is deterministic ! !
And if that's true we're no more responsible for our actions than a computer is for executing code . We have no choice in what happens to us , and if you set up the universe in the exact same way , we'd make the same choices and the exact same things would happen . Free will is therefore an illusion ! Like a computer , WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR OUR ACTIONS .
Geez . Let's assume the universe is indeterministic them !
Even better !
Then things can happen randomly with no event responsible for causing them . And anything random ( which includeS every decision we make , unless you want them to be deterministic ! ) you can't be held responsible for , so therefore AGAIN we're not responsible for anything we do .
Huh .
Anyway , LONG STORY SHORT :
I have it on good authority that somebody tooted just now but SADLY , we have no - one to blame
My name is T - Rex and I'm here to say / I'm really having a pleasant time today ! My flow isn't stale like day - old bread /
The freshest words keep falling of out my head !
Hey Dromiceiomimus , are you here to rap too ? / Because if that's the case , then I say : " coo' " !
You're my friend T - Rex but your raps aren't great / You rap like a baby in its natural state / I battle you , I up the infant mortality rate !
OHHHH SNAP
Man , I totally just lost an imaginary rap battle !
But you won too !
Because in your head you're really both parties , right ?
Nuh - uh ! If I take credit for 100 % of what my brain comes up with , then I'm personally responsible for every stray , passing thought that bubbles up throughout the day ! NO THANKS .
What would happen if I just kissed him right now
Oh my god subconscious I'M BUSY
Silent films are crazy . They're crazy ! The whole medium doesn't make any sense !
We're supposed to believe we figured out how to capture and replay VIDEO before nailing down sound ? ?
SOUND IS THE LOW - HANGING FRUIT . If silent films didn't exist and someone invented them in a science fiction story , I would write the author an email with subject line " RE : Silent motion pictures " and message body " PUH - LEASE . " But somehow they actually did exist in real life , so in conclusion , our timeline is totally ridiculous and embarrassing .
It's embarrassing . I'm embarrassed .
But we did know how to record sound before we invented film !
Aw man ! Then we're even dumber ! !
Nobody thought to combine the two for over a DECADE ? Shove a record player into a movie camera ! PATENT PLEASE ? ?
The problem was amplification and getting the two in sync , not that nobody had thought to " cram one into the other . "
. . . Oh . That makes sense .
ATTENTION , HISTORY PEEPS : I'm sorry I just assumed I'm smarter than you since I'm from the present ! I don't think we're THAT smart in the present , it's just -
Shoot , it's just 99 . 99999 % of stupid things were done in the past is all
Do you like boats that sank ? Sure you do ! But are you a TRUE fan of boats that sank ?
Well super ; I've got good news !
I've started a mailing list for TRUE fans of boats that sank !
TODAY'S MAILING :
Boats ! What it's like to be on them
Can a submarine sink . . . up ? Let's find out !
This Summer's Sexy Dresses That Look Like Sunken Boats
I'd like to subscribe , please !
Done ! !
And I'd like to contribute my articles , " I Ship It : Some Boats That I Pretend Would Like Other Boats " , " Bows , Bows , Bows ! " and my erotic fiction starring Midshipman First Class James Port , titled " Hard To Port " .
All are accepted ! Hooray ! !
LATER , T - REX AND UTAHRAPTOR'S MAILING LIST GAINS LITERALLY DOZENS OF SUBSCRIBERS !
Dear T - Rex and Utahraptor's shared diary ! !
Yaaaaaaay !
Go to a wedding and you're liable to hear classical music ! Go to a funeral , what do you hear ?
Heck , it's probably classical music that's supposed to give you the sad feelings !
Even GRADUATIONS normally have some classical music in 'em . All these major life events have classical soundtracks , and you know why ?
Because it's classy ?
Because it's really old ! Exactly !
At the time they were pop songs , but now they're Ultra Class !
Your point , T - Rex !
Oh , just that hundreds of years from now they might be playing our Top 40 Dance Megahits at funerals because of how classy they sound to their modern ears !
Hah ! Wow , that'd be awful . Well , at least we won't be around to see it , huh ?
Hah !
Wait what
Which dude has a dentist appointment ? ! Throw your hands up if you're the dude who has a dentist appointment !
Hollah
The dentist office over here is out of business , T - Rex ! The dentist said his only regret in life was that he could never persuade you to floss regularly , as since that embarassing failing became public he has been branded a professional failure , lost his Dentist Degree , and made a pariah in Dentist Sociey
WHAT ? ! Really ?
I had no idea dentists were so intense ! !
At least by rotating 180 degrees , I can correct my course to the other dentist's office !
Super !
Except that dentist's office is ALSO closed forever , T - Rex ! ! The dentist told me through sobs he lost all his customers because you never floss .
WHAT ? !
And then the dentist and his family all died from starvation . ALL BECAUSE YOU
DIDN'T
FLOSS
. . .
Whatever man , flossing is BORING
I know like five Emilys , and that is four too many Emilys ! Apparently there are only like 13 girl names ? ?
THE THIRTEEN GIRL NAMES
Dromiceiomimus !
Jenn / Jennifer !
Jess / Jessifer !
Jeppo !
Emily !
Samantha !
Ezmerelda !
Tabbyhanita !
Peterella !
Miss Steve !
Porker !
Que - ball !
The Whiz !
Didn't you forget about . . . SHANNON ?
Hah ! Please .
" Shannon " is clearly a corruption of " Miss Hannon " , which is itself a crude combination of " Miss Steve " and " Tabbyhanita " .
Ah . Well . That was my only objection .
Perfect ! !
LATER :
Hello , T - Rex ! I am a woman and my name is . . . SARAH .
Hah ! NICE TRY , PORKER !
Damn it HOW DID YOU KNOW
Sometimes folks have really nice things !
And sometimes I'm happy that folks have really nice things !
But sometimes , I worry that bad things can happen to their nice things , and when I express this worry I have for my friends , this POTENTIAL FUTURE EMPATHY I feel , and they get mad !
Why ? What do you say ?
Oh , the usual . " Nice thing you have there ! It'd be a shame if anything . . . HAPPENED to it . "
Man , that sounds like a threat !
HOW ? How is that a threat ?
I'm literally saying two things : a ) something is nice , and b ) it would be sad if a bad thing happened to the nice thing . BOTH ARE SINCERE .
But you're saying it like a threat ! You're the creepy stranger at night who walks by and whispers " Make sure your doors are locked nice and tight " !
THAT'S CREEPY ? !
Oh my gosh that FINALLY explains all the screaming
HOW TO SOLVE EVERY PROBLEM EVER a " flow " " chart "
If you have a problem , turn to panel 2 ! If you don't have any problems , turn to panel 6 !
If the problem involves interpersonal relationships , turn to panel 3 ! If not , panel 4 !
Is the person you're relating to interpersonally REALLY at fault here ? If it's your fault , fix it ! Otherwise , decide if it's worth it to forgive this person and move on , or not forgive them and move on . Either way , you should all move on at some point .
Okay ! Wow ! I'm glad that's settled !
What are you waiting for ? Turn to Panel 6 !
So i guess you've got a problem with a . . . machine ? A system ?
Maybe it's a thing ? Turn to panel 5 !
Well , maybe try fixing the thing so it does what you want ; that usually helps ! ! If you've now done that successfully , turn to panel 6 ! If you can't do that , then that's a new problem , and recurse one level deeper and go to panel 1 .
Also , maybe try Google ? I dunno .
Is Ask Jeeves still around ?
CONGRATULATIONS ! ALL YOUR PROBLEMS ARE SOLVED . ALL your current problems , anyway ! There's probably going to be all sorts of problems in the future though .
Huh .
Alright ! Better turn to panel 1 just to be safe ! !
THE DAY T - REX INVENTED SOME NEW SLANG
okay , the COMIC about the day t - rex invented some new slang
What if instead of saying something's " rad " , we say it has . . .
. . . " radditude " ?
Wait nevermind I hate that already ! And - - I kinda hate myself for saying it too ! Wow , this is what it feels like to roll a critical failure when writing ! !
. . . But it's okay . I CAN MAKE BETTER SLANG . For example , Dromiceiomimus , you shall now be known as " Vitamin D " !
That's more " nickname " than slang , dude !
Aw man ! Making new slang : harder than I thought ?
Just use it for non - proper nouns !
Right ! So for example , bacon is now " Vitamin B " ! And ants are now " Vitamin A " . It sucks when Vitamin A and Vitamin B get mixed together in the same food .
Geez .
Don't I know it .
" Vitamin C " is now slang for cookies , and I have good news !
I checked Wikipedia and it's really hard to overdose on Vitamin C !
LISTEN , IT'S TIME TO ACT LIKE AN ADULT
a web card
Holy crap ! How are you not acting like an adult already ? !
You're [ INSERT RECIPIENT'S AGE HERE ] ! !
Maybe it's no longer cute that you leave your dirty dishes piling up on the counter , huh ? Maybe you're at an age where your friends should be able to expect a certain base level of stability from you in your relationships ? Maybe there comes a time when you pay your bills before you spend the money on fun stuff ?
Maybe , huh ?
Doesn't that sound nice ?
Adults also don't get so wasted that they literally cannot remember what / who they did last night !
Also true !
Man - - maybe acting like an adult would be nice for a change , recipient of this card !
Maybe if you PRETEND to be an adult for long enough , you'll fool all of us , even yourself !
It's worth a try ! !
UPDATE :
Hey , how come everyone keeps trying to email this card to themselves ? !
MORE SPECIFICALLY :
How come everyone keeps trying to email this card to themselves eight hours in the past
THE DAY T - REX'S MIND BROKE
T - REX WHAT IF I TOLD YOU WE WERE 100 YEARS IN THE FUTURE
I would say you're crazy , because WHERE ARE THE HOVERCARS ?
OKAY WHAT IF I CREATED HOVERCARS
Please do ! But it's still not the future , dude !
The future isn't JUST hovercars : it's medical advances , spaceships , sex robots , regular robots too I guess ? and the list goes on !
OKAY BUT WHAT IF I CHANGED THE WORLD LIKE THAT AND PROMISED IT'S EXACTLY HOW THINGS WILL BE 100 YEARS FROM NOW
Again : awesome . But the stars move over time too , right ? I could IN THEORY not be partying with robots long enough to notice that .
BUT WHAT IF I WENT AHEAD AND FUTURIZED EVERY SINGLE ATOM IN THE UNIVERSE
That's ? insane !
What is ?
If God alters the physical universe so that it's exactly how it'd be 100 years from now ? ? is it still today ? Are we suddenly . . . in the FUTURE ?
. . . Whoah . Maybe ? I mean , I want to say no , but there's no way for us to detect a difference . Whoah .
What the hell IS time then ? ?
I don't know ! WHAT THE HELL ARE OUR CLOCKS MEASURING ? ? aaaarrrRRRRGHHH
Who is in charge of deciding whose face gets to be put on the money ?
I would like my face on the money , please !
Folks could say " Oh , that ? That costs a T - Rex . " or " Here's your change : two T - Rexes . I love those coins . They're so handsome . "
" I kiss my money sometimes , not because I love money , but because I love T - Rex . " the other person would reply .
" I taped some money to my ceiling so T - Rex is the first thing I see every morning , " admits the first .
So your face is on - every piece of currency ?
Sure ! Why not ? !
Is it SO UNBELIEVABLE that an entire planet would decide to print my face not just on one bill , but on all bills , coins , and heck let's throw in cheques and credit cards too ? ?
Are you really asking that question ?
YES . YES I AM .
ONE TALK ABOUT THE LIMITATIONS OF REALITY LATER :
Dudes I am so ready to trade up on reality it's not even funny
Sadism is when you get pleasure inflicting pain on or humiliating someone else ! It's a sex thing ! !
And it's named after the Marquis de Sade !
This is AMAZING . We've been around for thousands of years but some guy comes along and HEY PRESTO : we've got a name for a sex thing that didn't exist before ! He's been dead for generations and we're STILL talking about it .
Wow ! He must really have been something in the bedroom , huh ?
I'd love to have a sex thing named after me !
Then don't just talk about it ! DO IT .
Man , folks have been doing the sex to each other since FOREVER , and I'm supposed to come up with something new ?
Not necessarily ! Your marquis didn't invent sadism , he just was SO into it that it became eponymous . Just pick a sex thing and talk it up 24 / 7 !

Ladies ! You can call me the Cloacademic ! Care to join my . . . cloacademy ?
The cloaca is our shared digestive , urinary , and reproductive tract !
Obviously ! That's the first thing you learn in Cloacademia
t - rex the more i think about this plan the less successful i think you're going to be
I like it when people say something like " For some reason , the lightbulbs fell off the counter " .
It reassures us that we live in a logical universe where effect does not precede cause ! !
We need more sayings that include stealth universal laws !
" As entropy cannot decrease in a closed system , I found a hole in my socks " ?
" As objects in motion tend to remain in motion , I tripped down the stairs " ?
" As every action has an equal and opposite reaction , I tripped down the stairs again , owie " ?
These are baby laws !
They took hundreds of years to figure out !
They're still baby laws !
I want an expression like " I burned my mouth on that friggn' pizza , thanks to < < the integral form of Fourier's law > > ! "
WHOAH ! !
WHAT
THE HECK
IS GOING ON WITH YOUR MOUTH
T - Rex is in a waiting room :
This magazine is in Polish . I can't read this .
BUT I CAN TRY ! !
Dromiceiomimus , let me tell you a story . Once I was playing an online game , and you couldn't move when you were typing messages to the other players . I was about to say something when I got shot at , so I pounded the keyboard ( AS IS MY WONT ) , hit enter , and returned fire !
Amazing story , T - Rex .
Whoah ! ! It's EVEN BETTER when you hear the amazing part ! !
So what's the amazing part ?
The guy stopped firing and typed " u speak polish ? ? "
So what did you do ?
I said yes , since I clearly just did !
And what did he do ?
He wrote me something ! It was in what I assume was Polish !
So I replied " haha okay " and shot him in the head . I call it , " The Time I Accidentally Spoke Polish To A Dude " !
ALSO KNOWN AS :
" I Wish I Remembered What It Said , As It Can Stop An Angry Polish - Speaking Man Wielding A Rocket Launcher In His Tracks "
Since time immemorial , the greatest minds of each generation have , at one point or another , wondered this :
DOGS : WHAT ARE THEY THINKING ?
If you know what dogs are thinking than please let me know . My email address is whataredogsthinking @ dogswhataretheythinking . dogs .
T - Rex , you bojo ! That's not a real email address !
Aw geez ! I was thinking about what dogs are thinking when I said that and got confused ! !
T - Rex , want to get lunch ? We can ponder what dogs are thinking together !
Rad !
I'd love to do that . There's a new place that opened up that sells what are dogs thinking about wrapped in a dogs : I wonder what they're thinking about right now ? ?
T - Rex it's happening again !
Oh no ! WHAT THE HECK IS HAPPENING . . . when dogs are choosing what to think about ? !
Hee hee !
That one was on purpose ! !
You know what can kill me ?
Smallpox !
Smallpox AND polio AND ebola AND plagues both black and bubonic , not to mention all sorts of colds that can become terminal . Also not to mention all the other sorts of plagues , ailments and diseases carried by POTENTIALLY EVERYONE I HAVE AND WILL EVER MEET .
BROS : ALL THESE THINGS CAN KILL ME , BROS .
Experimenting with hypochondria ?
Flirting with it , anyway !
Well , remember that we've all got to die of something , and a lot of the reason these diseases are getting a chance is we've beaten or managed so many other things that would've otherwise killed you long ago . Heck , a thousand years ago you'd be way more likely to die from Too Many Chomps From A Tiger than anything else .
Utahraptor , that is very compelling ! I have only one question : what possible threat do you think a tiger could be ?
We are GIANT DINOSAURS .
We are GIANT DINOSAURS who have taken the time to INVENT BULLETS .
Ooh ! And soon , lazers !
You know what can kill me ?
Wizards !
Water wizards AND fire wizards AND sand wizards AND wizards both of air and space , not to mention all sorts of wizard spells that can become terminal . Also not to mention all the other sorts of hexes , curses , and dark magic carried by POTENTIALLY EVERY WIZARD I HAVE AND WILL EVER MEET .
Experimenting with wizardchondria ?
Flirting with it , anyway !
Well , remember that everybody's got to die of something , and a lot of the reason these wizards are getting a chance is that we've beaten or imprisoned so many that would've otherwise killed you long ago . Heck , 1000 years ago you'd be way more likely to die from Too Many Chomps from a Tiger Wizard than anything else !
Utahraptor , that is very compelling ! In fact I have nothing more to say on the matter except that I for one continue to fear all wizards .
AS SHOULD WE ALL .
EMERGENCY KNOWLEDGE ABOUT HOW TO LAND AIRPLANES
print and save , but do not read until you need to know about landing airplanes like RIGHT THIS SECOND
Oh crap ! ! LANDING AIRPLANES ? !
Okay okay okay STAY COOL JUST - JUST STAY COOL . WE can learn about landing airplanes really fast . Dromiceiomimus , can you pull up Wikipedia real quick ? Tell me if there's a " how to land an airplane it's an emergency " article , and if there's not , then why not ?
I'm not by a computer !
OH CRAAAAAAAAP
Just go off the top of your head !
Yes ! Good idea !
Airplanes can be found in many sizes : small , medium , and yes , even large ! In terms of landing one , you'll need landing gear , which can be many colours , as paint can be applied to the wheels -
THIS IS NOT REAL INFORMATION , T - REX !
AAAAAAHHHHH ! !
AAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
What do you get when you take two engineers and put them in a room ? / Give up ? / I don't know either but they'll probably build something ! !
Because they're ENGINEERS !
what do you get when you put two doctors in a room , T - Rex ?
I don't know ! What ?
I don't know either , but I would hope they'd work on curing diseases while in there !
DROMICEIOMIMUS , may I be the first to say : HILARIOUS .
What do you get when you put two ASTRONAUTS in a room ?
I don't know , what ?
WELL ! I'd imagine they'd make small talk about their shared interests .
. . . / Utahraptor I'm sorry but I'm sending you back to joke school .
Welcome to joke school ! I am T - Rex , your teacher . Let's open on a joke . Utahraptor ?
Why is 'o' a pig's favourite letter ? / Because it turns 'pen' into 'open' !
UTAHRAPTOR I'M SORRY BUT I'M BUSTING YOU DOWN TO JOKE PRESCHOOL
How much would it cost to buy the sun , God ?
I DON'T THINK IT'S FOR SALE DUDE
Seriously , though .
UMMMM 80 TRILLION DOLLARS
That's not that much !
WAIT I DIDN'T SPECIFY WHICH NATION'S DOLLARS
T - Rex Awesomebux ? I've got lots of those !
NO I THINK IT'LL BE GODBUX AND THE EXCHANGE RATE FOR THOSE IS INFINITY TO ONE
Come on man ! ! I don't want this to be a weird thing ! I just want to OWN the SUN .
Wow . There is something diabolical about that !
Diabolically awesome ?
No . No - it's the regular kind I think . Well , anyway ! It's a good thing that you're poor enough that not all of your ambitions can be realized ! !
He ! I guess so !
Hah hah hah !
. . . Awwww .
Hi ! I'm a guy who ignores the cashier while loudly talking on my cell phone !
Make me an enemy in a video game and you'll sell a million copies !
Use me as an illustration in your children's story called " The Dude Who Never Listened To His Parents And Grew Up To Be Someone Who , Even When Meeting A Grocery Store Full Of Complete Strangers , Would Instantly Be Despised By Them , And Those Strangers Would All Be Totally Right In Doing So ! "
Please ! I'm gagging for it ! !
Hi ! I'm a guy riding his bike with his poor dog trailing behind it , TIED TO A CHOKE CHAIN .
Hey ! We're both jerks ! !
Oh my god , do you think we know each other ?
Probably ! Probably all the jerks in the world hang out in a big house , you know ?
Yes ! Filled floor to ceiling with jerks , each of them saving all their toots for the elevators ! !
LET'S BURN IT TO THE GROUND
Utahraptor , come quick !
I ate a gross fly ! !
It was by accident ! He just flew in while I was yawning ! It might still be alive inside me and THAT'S GROSS , THIS WHOLE THIS IS SO GROSS . Bleh !
Utahraptor's the other way , dude . Also , heads up , he's trying out new nicknames .
AWESOME .
Hey ! What's up , Dixie Cup ?
NICE .
Okay , so I ate a fly ! !
Oh ! No bigs . If it grosses you out to have it inside you , just induce vomiting and you'll puke it up .
Will he be . . . dead ?
Yeah , probably .
LATER , T - REX IS UPDATING HIS DATING SITE PROFILE :
Ladies , do you want to get with a guy who JUST THIS AFTERNOON vomited up a partially - digested tiny corpse ? ? BECAUSE IF NOT :
Honestly , I kinda understand ? ?
Look up " handsome " in the dictionary , and you'll find my picture ! Or , at least , you will soon .
BECAUSE I AM CREATING A DICTIONARY WITH PICTURE RIGHTS .
For $ 10 you can have your picture attached to the word of your choosing ! Everyone pays for their favourite words , and then I use the money raised to print the dictionary ! AND I write all the definitions so you know they're hilarious and awesome .
What if two people choose the same word ?
First come first served ! Plus , if " handsome " is taken , you can always take " handsomer " or " handsomest " .
Wait no I'm paying $ 10 for each of those too ! !
This - is actually a really fun idea !
I know , right ? The only words defined in the dictionary are those with pictures attached to them , so it's both an idiosyncratic greatest hits reference book AND a really awesome DICTIONARY OF PALS .
Plus you can toss someone the book and say " Hey . Look up 'dateable' . "
! ! !
Whoah I didn't even know I could make that sound !
Look up " surprised " in the dictionary and you'll see a picture of me in this exact position ! !
Nobody wants to pay $ 10 to have their picture next to a word of their choice in my self - published dictionary ! NOBODY . NOT ONE SINGLE PERSON .
FINE .
FINE , EVERYBODY . I mean , I THOUGHT crowdsourcing was the wave of the future , but sitting around and not giving me money is fine too . Oh look , here's a regular dictionary . A boring old regular dictionary without any photos of my friends in it . Yaaaay .
That's a house , T - Rex .
See ? It's not even a GOOD dictionary .
Crowdsourcing works if you've got a really compelling idea !
THIS WAS MY REALLY COMPELLING IDEA .
You know what ? Forget it . If nobody on this planet wants to support me , then I'll just move to another planet that does .
I don't see how you're go -
FAREWELL , CHEAPO PALS WHO WOULDN'T EVEN GIVE ME $ 10 ! !
LATER , T - REX FAILS TO LEAVE THE PLANET :
Look I'm just having a rough week okay
So we all know about Medusa and how her gazed turned peeps to statue peeps and then they cut off her head . But imagine if she wasn't an only child ! IMAGINE IF SHE HAD SISTERS ? ?
Okay ! Stop imagining because it turns out she totally had sisters !
They're named Euryale and Stheno and like Medusa they have crazy snake hair too ! And they're more powerful than her because THESE sisters are immortal .
How come we never hear about them ?
Because could you keep going to work and being a productive member of society if you knew IMMORTAL SNAKEHAIR WOMEN were running around ?
I suppose that would be a good excuse not to
How many people did they turn to stone ?
ZERO . They claimed they couldn't !
But in my story they're actually the only ones who CAN stonify people , and they can control it . They prank their kid sister Medusa to make her think SHE'S doing it unwillingly , but the pranks go too far and she gets murdered . And now her sisters want revenge : a dish , I remind you , which is best served cold .
. . . STONE cold .
Oooh ! Or alternatively , they could also be weed - hungry teens in a comedy called " Those Darn Stoners ! ! "
The problem of the artist isn't not having any ideas , it's having TOO MANY IDEAS while also being made of flesh that will die someday !
Attention , everyone ! Who wants to hear my opinions ?
BOOOORING
They're opinions about sex !
YO , I'M IN
Well , actually , they're opinions about the WORDS we use for sex !
AW MAN
So people of all genders and orientations can say " I'd hit that " to mean " I would have sex with that " , and it's so WEIRD that we all equate sex to violence , that a pleasant sexy experience gets boiled down to " synonym for punch " . And it's not just hit ! You can get demolished in bed too !
I UNDERSTAND IT'S PRETTY FUN , ACTUALLY .
Bad news , dude : we use violence to describe ALL SORTS OF THINGS ! !
Oh no !
If you do well in a presentation you were KILLING up there .
* gasp *
" Punch it " means go fast !
* gasp *
And even we just sit around doing nothing , I can still that we're KICKING IT .
* gaaaaaaaaaaaaasp *
Utahraptor I'm actually having trouble breathing here ! I need 20 ccs of hospitals please ! !
* gaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaasp *
STAT
Banks are often robbed for the small amount of cash in the till , and often these tiny heists in which nobody is injured don't make the news and are left unsolved ! Crime doesn't pay ?
APPARENTLY CRIME PAYS A REASONABLE AMOUNT SOMETIMES ? ?
This means that there are way more bank robbers out there than I initially imagined ! And the smart ones would be happy with their successful crime and new check mark on their awesome things bucket list and leave it at that . I like to think that I have only smart friends , DROMICEIOMIMUS .
Um
VERY SMART FRIENDS , Dromiceiomimus .
You think Dromiceiomimus is a bank robber ?
Hah ! Like you're not one too ! !
Look man , I know that there's no proof . But that's the thing : if I'm right , there wouldn't be any ! And yeah you're robbing banks , but that means you're robbing obscenely rich corporations who think a stupid chequing account should cost $ 20 a month , plus their website sucks too ! Huh .
. . . Teach me your secrets ?
T - REX DUDE I THINK YOU MAY HAVE A HERNIA
I have no idea what that is , but I must say , I DO generally enjoy having things !
ONE IMAGE SEARCH LATER :
OH MY GOSH BODIES ARE GROSS
AAAAHHHHH SO GROSS , A HERNIA IS WHEN YOUR ORGANS POP OUT OF THEIR REGULAR PLACE AND START TO ESCAPE OUT AGAINST YOUR SKIN !
T - Rex , these can be treated with surgery , and many don't even need treatment !
AAAAHHH WHY AREN'T WE BEINGS OF PURE ENERGY YET ? ? SERIOUS QUESTION , DROMICEIOMIMUS !
T - Rex , this is not life - threatening !
AHHHH I KNOW ! !
BUT BODIES ARE SO GROSS AND SO MUCH CAN GO WRONG WITH THEM AND YOU KNOW WHO DOESN'T HAVE THESE SORTS OF PROBLEMS ? BEINGS OF PURE ENERGY .
T - Rex -
ALSO MACHINE INTELLIGENCES THAT CAN MOVE TO A NEW ROBOT BODY WHEN THE CURRENT ONE STARTS TO SUCK , THAT SOUNDS - REAL NICE .
LATER , AT THE HOSPITAL :
Future generations ! If I should not survive this minor surgery , remember these , my parting words :
I REGRET ONLY THAT I WAS BORN BEFORE UPLOADING MY MIND INTO A COMPUTER GOT INVENTED
MAILBAG TIME WITH T - REX !
Our first letter comes from Michael , who asks :
" Hi T - Rex ! What do ghosts like to eat ? ! "
Ghosts . . . eat ?
Wouldn't the food fall through their bodies ?
I always assumed so , but I actually never tested it ! Maybe a GHOST is the answer to The Case of Who Ate My Sandwhich , I Left It Right Here ? ?
Or maybe they feed on our life force energies ! !
Oh wow ! That IS a possibility !
Ghosts feeding on our energy would feel pretty exhausting , but ghosts only come out at night ! So if this is true , we'd be TOTALLY FINE during the day but then we'd all get really sleepy each ni -
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
Later :
Wait , there's a message on the back of the letter ! It says " Boo - berry muffins " . Ghosts like to eat . . . boo - berry muffins .
. . .
Michael you can't just toy with people like this
I have cooked up the best pizza ever . It is my pi ? ce de r ? sistance !
WITH YOUR TERRIBLE FRENCH ACCENT IT SOUNDS LIKE YOU'RE SAYING " MY PIZZA RESISTANCE "
Oh my GOSH I need to open a pizza place called " Pizza Resistance " ! !
Even if people don't get that most rare and pleasurable of jokes ( the multilingual pun ) , it still sounds awesome : the pizza resistance ! They probably have pizza guns ! !
And they're probably really happy about having a gun that shoots pizzas !
Heck , I know I would be .
There's already a place called that two towns over , T - Rex !
Seriously ?
Ah well , no bigs . I'll just start a brewery called " Responsibly " . Then when other people advertise beers and put " Please Drink Responsibly " at the bottom of their ads , suddenly they're advertising for ME instead !
That's been done before too .
REALLY ?
Huh ! I guess SOMETIMES other people are funny too ?
huh .
Weirrrrd
You can get WORDS tattooed on your KNUCKLES so when you makes FISTS people will see WORDS THAT ARE ABOUT TO PUNCH THEM .
Okay okay , IDEAS : " GAME OVER " , " MAKE OUTS " , " PONY TIME " , " WHAT ISUP " , " EATP IZZA " , and " BARK YDOG " . Ooh ! And " TAKE BOAT " .
What about " LET'S BOWL " ? If your really like bowling , I mean .
I like bowling , but do I knuckle - tattoo like bowling ? I mean , PROBABLY ? ?
Ooh ! Or I could get " VOTE 4ME ? " which is nutty useful if I ever run for public office !
T - Rex !
One sec !
Other options include " KNUK TATS " , " YES2 HATS " , " SICK BURN " , " WARM BEDS " , and " CHEC KPLZ " . In case I'm at a restaurant !
You can't fit any of these ! You only have a mere two knuckles per hand , dude !
Hah ! Riiiight .
LATER , T - REX LOOKS AT HIS HANDS !
Aw , frig me ! !
. . .
" PO OP "
MAN DOES NOT LIVE ON BREAD ALONE T - REX
Hah !
PROVABLY FALSE .
And I'm just the bread - hungry dude to prove it ! !
SOON :
Want some bread , Dromiceiomimus ? I'm living off it .
That's impossible ! You'd thirst do death in days without water .
Hello ? Bread is way moisture - rich . Especially the way I bake it .
But you're not getting the vitamins you need !
Also totes untrue !
If we're going to walk around saying we don't live on bread alone , maybe we should've checked to make sure that I can't bake vitamin pills into some mushy , watery bread . BECAUSE I CAN . I DID . I PUT IT IN MY MOUTH AND ATE IT .
You'll still suffocate without air .
Oh crap , you're right !
Man does not live on bread alone - but only because you'd suffocate .
You can still make some awesome breads though !
Plus air is free so WHATEVER ! !
Let's consider a hypothetical universe , in which everything is normal one day . . .
. . . but the next day the universe and everything in it starts to shrink ! !
Since everything is shrinking at the same rate , even atoms , this change is completely undetectable from inside the universe ! Wow , what a crazy universe , huh ?
Good thing it's just a story I'm telling you , huh ?
. . .
WELL HOLD ON TO YOUR BALLS CAUSE WHAT IF I TOLD YOU THAT WAS OUR UNIVERSE ? ?
It's not !
What ? It could be !
Nope ! Even if you're somehow shrinking atoms , physical laws don't change and light speed is still a constant . As we got smaller we'd notice light " speeding up " , as it'd cover more ground in the same amount of time !
Well , shoot .
Everyone put your balls away ; we'll not be tripping on them today . THANKS UTAHRAPTOR .
You're welcome ! Also , that rhymed .
I KNOW , IT'S CALLED " GETTING LUCKY WITH ENGLISH SOMETIMES "
The Amazing Life , by T - Rex !
A story with an EGG - citing twist ! !
Once upon a time there was an entity named " Eddie Grimlock Gabriella " who was born in a pile of hay . But after he was born he was taken away by a strange man ! The man locked him in a box and put the box in a truck . Then another man rescued him from the truck but put him up for sale ! ! Finally someone paid the ransom and rescued him and took him into their home .
WHERE THEY PLACED HIS BODY INTO BOILING WATER AND ATE HIM ! !
Edward's an egg , right ?
WHOAH ! ! How'd you know ?
Well , his name spells " EGG " and you promised an " EGG - citing twist " , the English equivalent of a flashing neon sign that reads " Why Not Think About Eggs " .
Aw geez , right ! !
LATER :
" The Amazing Life " , by T - Rex ! A WHALE of a good story where everything goes to the DOGS !
Ouch !
What the hell , I despise that last sentence so much that it's actually hurting my self - esteem ? ?
When Mary and Denise Apple fall in love with handsome twin brothers from the hated Orange family , wedding bells are on the horizon ! But merging to families is never easy . watch the sparks fly on " Apples To Oranges " , every Monday night !
Holy crap ! Inventing TV shows is big easy ! !
Joseph Plead is the fourth in a long family line of police misconduct investigators . But when he's murdered and no cop will touch the case , it's up to his barrister son , Joe , to track down the criminals . . . in or outside the law . Federal courts meet street justice , every Tuesday night on " Plead the Fifth . "
Yo've just based TV shows on common sayings !
And they're all turning out rad !
Okay , what about . . . " That's Life . "
Wacky staff hijinks befuddle uptight manager of Life Magazine , circa 1950 !
" Saving Grace " .
A nun saves a man from death and decides to do the Lord's work more concretely , becoming the world's first superhero !
Earth is under attack ! And when Mary Straw's family is vapourized by aliens , she may well be the last Earthling left alive . Now , she's taking down the aliens , alone , piece by piece . That's . . . The Last Straw . Oh WOW do I wish I had the drive and focus to make my ideas become reality !
When big - city lawyer James Helpings inherits his late father's family restaurant , James is forced to return home , fulling intending to close the business . but when he sees all the good he can do there , and how this small town reminds him of the really important things in life , James decides to stick around . Make each Thursday night family night , with " Second Helpings . "
DINOSAUR COMICS CHARACTER GENERATOR
Need a character for your story , play , movie , and / or erotic fiction ? NO PROBLEM ! Simple choose one option from each set !
Your character is a ( n ) . . .
meat / robot / urban / silver / animal / sex / fruit / adult / child / famed / licensed / problem
stylist / engineer / astronaut / ecologist / planner / model / smith / dancer / producer / lawyer / loner / priest / criminal / prodigy / terrorist / dinosaur / clone / athlete / head of state
who wants to
create / destroy / get over / bewitch / unmask / sex up / steal / hug / give birth to / team up with / profit from
a ( n )
meaty / famous / infamous / wide - eyed / sullen / attractive / competing / powerful / space / hairy / social
teen / doctor / ghost / artist / surgeon / corseti ? re / superhero / cartoonist / spouse / dog / religion / medical health professional / senior / telepath / jerk / family
but is blocked in this desire by a ( n )
[ go to panel two and play recursively ] / [ choose any ol' noun from the dictionary ]
STAR WARS : your character is a child prodigy who wants to destroy a space jerk ! HAMLET : your character is a problem head of state who wants to unmask a powerful senior . THIS . WORKS . DONE . THANK ME LATER .
. . . WITH A 5 % ROYALTY SHARE ON GROSS .
Everyone ! What are your five interests ? Mine are fancy chocolates , smooth jazz , fly fishing , food that looks like other food , and beluga caviar !
NAILED IT
MINE ARE VIDEO GAMES AND ROLE PLAYING GAMES AND STRATEGY GAMES AND BOARD GAMES AND GAMES OF SKILL
Dude . You could've just said " games " .
AND YOU COULD'VE JUST SAID " FOOD AND THINGS THAT MAKE ME SLEEPY "
Good point
Mine are where the world is going , where we've been , bettering the world , increasing knowledge , and pals !
Nice !
Okay , I'm changing mine . Mine are now pals , being smart , being awesome , being so great other people say I'm great in their diaries , and . . .
Humility ?
Respecting humility in others , yes .
MINE ARE BEING OMNIPOTENT AND CREATING UNIVERSES AND BEING OMNICOOL AND DESTROYING UNIVERSES AND
UM
Proving your existence in a verifiable , repeatable way ?
HAH HAH HAH
. . . Yeah .
Good one , me
Utahraptor , come quick !
I invented computers ! !
I mean , I invented a new thing to do with computers !
Well , TECHNICALLY I invented a new way to do an EXISTING thing with computers !
Well I suppose if we're being exact all I've done is come up with the IDEA of inventing a new way to do an existing thing with computers !
So what's this idea , brotimes ?
Check it : Twitter is a thing , right ?
And YouTube is a thing too ! And it's like - - what if you took Twitter and smushed it into YouTube ? What comes out the other end ? I'll tell you what : a site where you can upload movies , but the movies can't have more than 140 characters in them ! AND BY " CHARACTERS " I MEAN " NAMED ROLES " ! !
. . .
Dang , it appears my " this website idea only seems dumb because I haven't said it out loud yet " theory is an unmitigated fiasco .
Okay !
As you were , everyone ! !
Yay ! PATIO SEASON IS BACK . I love to go out and have a fun meal in the sun with my pals ! !
And yet , I can't help but feel I'm forgetting something . . .
LATER :
Aw FRIG ! !
SMOKERS
Smoking is farting . It is ! You can end up sitting next to people who CHAIN FART through their entire meal , and then their farts get in your face and then your clothes smell like farts . Some farters know their habit is grossnasty so they blow their farts away from their dining companions , TOWARDS EVERYONE ELSE INSTEAD . That's what smoking is .
Oh , wait , no , silly me , I forgot something ! THEIR FARTS CAN LITERALLY GIVE YOU CANCER .
But it's an addiction !
IT'S ONE OF THE LEADING CAUSES OF PREVENTABLE DEATHS .
It can be really hard to quit , dude !
Man , you want to sit at home and fart until the air's blue , I'm not gonna stop you . But when you go out in public and fart all over the place , isn't that rude ? Isn't that rude no matter how addicted you are to farting ? ?
" As a farter , I feel I am entitled to two 15 - minute fart breaks each day where I go outside and just fart and fart and fart "
THIS IS LITERALLY WHAT PEOPLE SAY !
. . . FOR GENEROUS VALUES OF " LITERALLY "
If you die with unfinished business , you become a ghost !
OBVIOUSLY !
And if you are bitten by a zombie , you become a zombie , OBVIOUSLY . But what happens when that zombie is killed ? Zombies too have unfinished business - unfinished FLESH - EATING business - which means ZOMBIES BECOME GHOSTS TOO .
However , as zombies cannot retain the mental control to re - enter the physical plane , they are stuck in the spirit realm forever !
So the ghost world is full of zombie ghosts attacking regular ghosts ?
Exactly ! !
That's why ghosts appear to us only to wail and scream ! They're desperately trying to escape the zombie apocalypse WE put down forgotten ages ago buy which rages on in the afterlife , fueled as it is by a constant supply of confused and unprepared fresh meat !
Oh my God ! It all fits !
DON'T FREAK OUT LADIES BUT I AM THE DUDE WHO BRILLIANTLY WOVE GHOSTS AND ZOMBIES INTO THE SAME CONTINUITY ! ! : 0 : 0 ; 0
So there's a zombie apocalypse raging in the afterlife . The ghost world is overrun by ghostflesh - eating ghost - zombies .
Ladies and gentlemen : we have lost the spirit realm !
But we have not lost OUR realm ! We can do all we can to make THIS world as beautiful and wonderful as we can .
But how can we do that , knowing that when we die , our ghosts will be consumed by zombie ghosts ?
The answer is simple , Dromiceiomimus !
We
don't
die .
But everybody dies !
Not vampires ! Not as long as they stay out of the sun !
And THAT'S how we choose to fight . We choose vampirism . We choose to dedicate our now - immortal lives to rediscovering the ancient science of ghost - on - ghost bustin' . And when we're finally ready , we make our last choice : to step out into the dawn , and begin our ultimate , greatest battle : Dinosaur Vampires vs . Zombie Ghosts .
Only we can't call it that because it sounds stupid .
" Mourning Glory " ?
I was gonna go with " Mourning Sickness " because of the whole zombie / disease thing but yeah that's way better ! !
The war of dinosaur vampires vs zombie ghosts has been won ! The afterlife belongs to the friendly vampires , which is better than zombies ! !
Yaaaaaaaaay !
But here on Earth , many greedy vampires remain : feeding on the mortals left behind , refusing to step gladly into the light ! So it's up to the few mortals left to overthrow the vampires and carve out a new Earth Utopia ! WE MUST KILL THE VAMPIRES THAT BETRAYED US .
And what happens ?
We lose ! We're fighting AGELESS COMBAT - TRAINED VAMPIRES , yo .
So all is lost ?
Not exactly !
We're trying to kill the vampires during the day when they're the most vulnerable - but they fight us in the shade . So instead , we attack at night !
That gives vampires the advantage , dude !
Oh , sure ! That's exactly what they think too .
UNTIL THEY SEE AN IMMORTAL ARMY OF PISSED - OFF GHOSTS MATERIALIZE BESIDE US ! Dude , throw in a love story and you've got a bestselling trilogy IN THE BAG ! !
I'm serious ; please throw in a love story ; I'm terrible at writing characters with what I'm told are " genuine emotions "
I described my awesome story , and yet , nobody has come to me and given me a movie deal !
Is - - is the world . . . broken ? !
All you had was a plot outline , T - Rex ! You need something more solid .
Like a novel ? Or a screenplay ? Or a stage play ? Or a radio drama ? Or a puppet show ? Or a TV pilot ? Or a web series ? Or a comic book ? Or a video game ? Or a narrative epic song ? ?
Yes , those are all examples of mediums one can work in .
PERFECT . Utahraptor , you know this stuff !
Can you write my story for me real quick ? I'll pay you .
You want me to ghost - write it ?
Is that what it's called ? All I want is to pay you money and then you do what I tell you to , even though you wouldn't otherwise consent to it ?
It sounds awful but I believe it is the basis of our entire economic system ? ?
A prison organizes a wilderness trip for its inmates , many of whom have never set foot outside the city . The inmates struggle with the basics of camping , but learn a lot from the land - and each other . Together they build a . . .
Questionable Con Tent ! !
In the future , genetic engineering has finally achieved its ultimate goal : talking vegetables . Unfortunately , one vegetable doesn't just use its mouth for talking : it also hungers . It feeds . And it's discovered the joys of eating living flesh . This is the story of how it shares its new - found taste with the rest of the vegetable kingdom . This is the story of meat - based life brought to the brink of extinction . This is the story of . . . The Oat Meal .
Star Industries is the most powerful multinational in the world !
Or was , anyway !
When a scandal forces its founder , Jill Harka , from the lap of luxury and into the street , she's left with nothing but the clothes on her back , her wits , and her iron will . Now she must clear her family name while unraveling the conspiracy behind her fall . From the team behind Harka : Hostile takeover comes the all - new Harka : Vagrant .
FRRIIIIIG ! I blame . . . EVERYONE .
But especially cartoonists ! !
LET'S LEARN ABOUT . . . CANADA
Canada ! It's more than just a country in North America !
Well , actually , no , that's not true . Factually , it is just a country in North America . Canada is literally just a country in North America .
Not really selling me on Canada here , dude !
Okay , hold on , hold on !
CANADA FACTS : Canada is a nation that some people believe is better at certain things than other nations are . Albert Einstein said nationalism is like measles : a disease only children get .
Still not really sold on Canada here , dude !
THIS IS UNEXPECTEDLY HARD ? ?
Okay wait ! Canada is great because nationalism , like all tribalism , allows us to separate individuals into groups and assign group identities whose stereotypes then allow us to judge strangers with ease ! ! Canada : check it out sometime !
Rapping is a fun job ! You get to spit tight rhymes . . . ALL of the tight times ?
HOW TO BE A RAPPER
First off , you should not say " um " or " uh " , you should say " check it , one two " .
Today I went to the - what do you call it , check it , one two , one two , one two , PHARMACY !
Perfect ! Dromiceiomimus , your rapper name will be " what's Up Drotimes " , " Droseidon " , or " Born Dromosexual " .
But there's more to it than saying " check it , one two , one two " !
Yes ! You also need FAT BEATS .
But fat beats are very hard to find when they're fresh , so I recommend you simply marry a beatboxer . They make the beats come out of their mouths !
Do you . . . also recommend going to someone else for rap advice ?
QUITE POSSIBLY ?
LATER , DROMICEIOMIMUS PUTS OUT TWO ALBUMS UNDER THE NAME " BORN DROMOSEXUAL " : " DROMOSEXUAL NARRATIVES " AND " FLUID DROMO - SEXUALITY "
Hah hah hah ! Come at me , Dro ! !
You eat dinner and have been rewarded with a fortune cookie . You open it up and it says " HI ! GOD HERE . YOU SHOULD BE A DOCTOR . "
You freak out and try to leave but you're tripping on many balls ! !
I want to make this dream come true , Drotimes ! Fortune cookies have for DECADES been offering restrained , generic , feel - good advice which sets me up AMAZINGLY WELL for cookies that offer terrifyingly specific and urgent advice . And you only print them 1 in 5000 , so your dining companions all get regular boring " gosh you're lucky ! " fortunes while you are LOSING IT !
So . . . start a company ?
How about one that simply says " OMEGA PROTOCOL IS GO ? "
Oh wow , perfect !
" THEY'ER INSIDE THE RESTAURANT . PAY QUIETLY AND GET OUT "
" YOUR BODY WILL BE OUR NEST "
" I HAVE THE ANTIDOTE "
" DON'T BELIEVE HIS LIES "
And each crazy fortune is put in the cookie multiple times , so it seems like someone is REALLY trying to get that " MEET ME IN THE BATHROOM IN FIVE MINUTES , COME ALONE " message to you . Tada ! The world is instantly more awesome AND terrifying ! Thank me later , chumps ! !
T - REX WHAT IS THE MOST IMPORTANT THING
Pals !
Pals are the most important thing !
But T - Rex , what about my , um , significant other ( s ) ?
They're just a special case of pals ! They're " pals that you can kiss and tell secrets to " .
What about food ? I need that to live !
Food is just pals you eat !
Making the world a better place is important to me AND I don't eat it !
Sure !
But WHY do you want to do that ? Why do you do anything ? I'll tell you why : you do it either for yourself or for others ! And others are pals , protopals or potential pals , and you - - why , you're just a self reflexive autopal ! !
Good point !
Also inanimate objects can be pals .
UM T - REX YOUR DEFINITION OF " PALS " SEEMS TO INCLUDE EVERYTHING
No way ! It excludes jerks and enemies , because who likes jerks and enemies ? Nobody ! !
Hey God !
MAYBE SOMEONE SHOULD TELL THEM THAT , HUH ? ?
T - REX WHAT IS THE MOST IMPORTANT THING
Pals !
Pals are the most important thing !
But T - Rex , what about my , um , significant other ( s ) ?
They're just a special case of pals ! They're " pals that you can kiss and tell secrets to " .
What about food ? I need that to live !
Food is just pals you eat !
Making the world a better place is important to me AND I don't eat it !
Sure !
But WHY do you want to do that ? Why do you do anything ? I'll tell you why : you do it either for yourself or for others ! And others are pals , protopals or potential pals , and you - - why , you're just a self reflexive autopal ! !
Good point !
Also inanimate objects can be pals .
UM T - REX YOUR DEFINITION OF " PALS " SEEMS TO INCLUDE EVERYTHING
No way ! It excludes jerks and enemies , because who likes jerks and enemies ? Nobody ! !
Hey God !
MAYBE SOMEONE SHOULD TELL THEM THAT , HUH ? ?
Okay so the first is . dogs , obviously . It's so obvious that I'm surprised I even have to say it .
NEW TLDS THAT ARE NEEDED
Moving on , there are tons of terrible website trends , and it'd be great to know that a site sucks in advance , so I propose " . WeJustRepostThingsWithoutCreditLOL " , " . OurcommentsSectionIsFullOfRacistsThoughSoHeadsUp " , and " . WeInterruptEveryArticleToBegYouToFollowUsOnFacebookAndTwitterSoBetterGetUsedToThatRealQuick " .
Those are kinda hard to type !
On no , then people might not visit these sites ! !
What about just " . LOL " ?
Pfft .
Anything on . LOL would be the least funny thing ever in time . HOWEVER , everything on . OGC would be AMAZING . Wikipedia gets . FYI ! Blogs get . TMI and . IMO !
Yes ! And celebrity gossip sites can have . OMG and . SMH !
Woah ! !
What ? It stands for " shaking my head " .
. . . Utahraptor is stands for " suck my hole " and if you think otherwise then SMH
Superman is good at reporting , can fly , can survive in space AND can travel through time . He should be doing SCIENCE . Good grief , we could learn so much about EVERYTHING if Superman would put on a lab coat once in a while !
BETTER CAREERS FOR FICTIONAL SUPERHEROES
The Flash can run at relativistic speeds AT STREET LEVEL . In order to survive this , his though process is INSANELY sped up . The man should be a scientist too ! He could dedicate a lifetime's worth of thought - hours working on something in the time it would take the rest of us to BLINK .
He'd also make a good mathematician .
He'd make a good anything that requires thought ! !
Is there a superhero that SHOULDN'T be a scientist , in your estimation ?
Aquaman ?
Hah , just kidding ! 95 % of the ocean floor has never been seen , and 99 . 5 % of the ocean itself is unexplored ! Dude should be a marine scientist .
So all superheroes should be scientists .
It's just - we've already got police to fight crime is all ? ?
They've done a pretty good job so far and I don't see Brainiac running around in real life that much ? Except at comic conventions ?
But I have been told that they enjoy a relationship to reality similar to that which mall Santas do to the Real Deal ? ?
Have you got an inbox full of emails , each demanding a response ? Do you feel like " inbox zero " is but a drug - fuelled fantasy ? ? ARE YOU WHISPERING THE WORD " YES " RIGHT NOW ? ?
Well listen up , chuckles : everyone who emails you deserves a response and it is madness to believe otherwise . But replying to emails is easy ! Simply reply immediately to each email as it comes in with THESE EXACT WORDS : " I hope you find what you're looking for - T - rex " .
You can change the name to your name if you're feeling ambitious ! !
People will notice I'm always sending the same thing !
NOT A PROBLEM .
Mix it up ! Choose randomly from " Interesting ! " , " lol " , " how did u get this email address " , " HUH ! ! " and " i dunno babe " . People will assume you're replying manually ! How retro ! !
Well , that solves my email problem , but leaves me with . . . an endless stream of interpersonal issues ? ?
Oh , sorry , I thought we were FIXING EMAIL HERE ! SORRY if I fixed it too effectively and now you never have to deal with email again ! !
Geez Utahraptor , I hope you find what you're looking for
T - REX HOW WOULD YOU DESCRIBE YOUR GENERATION
Born too late for tall ships , but too soon for star ships !
WOW
OUCH
I know it , dude !
THERE'S GOT TO BE A LESS DEPRESSING WAY TO DESCRIBE YOURSELVES .
Born too soon to have our consciousness survive indefinitely in a robot body , but born just late enough that we can all TOTALLY see the option coming ?
Yaaaaay mortality ? ?
Born too late for naming mountains , but just right for naming planets !
NICE .
Yet I can't help but notice we were born too late for chamberpots , but too soon to just have it beamed out of our bodies . Into a giant pile . That we then beam onto our enemies' heads .
But then our enemies would retaliate in kind !
Oh man ! GROSS !
I guess we'd have to declare a truce , and then we're back where we started .
Until they figure out inside body to inside body poop beaming .
EWWWWWWWWWW ! !
Frig , let's just die now and get it over with , am I right ?
SCIENCE TACT : you are covered in ants . They move to the other side when you look at your body so you can't see them , but their chitinous bodies blanket you .
SECRETS OF THE MEDICAL PROFESSION
Wait , I thought it was spiders , not ants !
Really ? I heard ands . I mean , it could be spiders AND ants though for all I know !
Let's - let's say it's both .
Dude ! It's centipedes , but they've got the HEAD of a spider !
Ohhhh ! That makes sense !
But then what about the colossal centipedes with the lamprey mouths at each end ?
Oh , those are the ones living coiled inside us , secretly digesting our food then WE live off their poops , but it's SO GROSS that when scientists discovered that they were all , " NOPE , I'M OUT "
" QUICK , TELL EVERYONE THAT THOSE ARE 'INTESTINES' AND THAT THEY'RE TOTALLY NORMAL "
" OKAY ! QUITTING SCIENCE FOREVER NOW "
" RAD , ME TOO , LATES "
GREETINGS T - REX HAVE YOU EVER WANTED TO PRODUCE YOUR OWN VIDEO GAME
Yep ! Then I found out that it's really hard to make an imaginary horse jump inside a computer ! !
Thanks , John Computers ! Way to invent machines that don't even do what I want them to ! !
There's all these programming languages but there's not one - NOT ONE - that lets you type in " U r a horse and u can shoot bullets from the eyes . NOT A DREAM . There r bad guys 2 shoot and u can get powerups that make you shoot cannonballs from the hooves . " and then a game comes out !
It's like - did we get bored half - way through inventing programming languages ? ? Why isn't this DONE yet ? ?
Well , come on , you'd need more of a description than that !
NOT A PROBLEM .
" Enemies are like what if you smashed Mario and Sonic together . But the bosses r giant and u shoot them even tho u r small ( like in religion ? ? ) " .
I don't -
GAME PLEASE .
T - REX I WAS ASKING BECAUSE I NEED A PARTNER FOR MY COMPUTER GAME PROJECT
Well , what's it like ?
I CALL IT " PRESS X TO EAT A PIE "
. . . I'm listening . . .
Some folks use computers that are 10 years out of date . A few folks use 20 - year - old computers from history times . But computers 50 years out of date are barely used at all !
They're in museums for you to look at when you're bored ! !
So ? Technology advances quickly , T - Rex ! New computers can do all sorts of things old ones can't !
I know , and that's why I'm so excited for cyborg bodies ! ! When they advance as quickly as computers do - AND THEY WILL - it'll be INTENSE . Imagine how awesome robot bodies will get ! And they'll have CENTURIES to develop !
Dude , " cyborg " and " robot " are different things ! You conflated them there ! !
OH NO !
IF ONLY MY BRAIN COULD BE ENHANCED WITH A CHIP THAT KEEPS NEAR SYNONYMS SEPARATE SO THAT I NEVER MAKE THAT MISTAKE AGAIN
. . .
I AM ACTUALLY SERIOUS
ALL I WANT OUT OF LIFE IS TO FIX ALL MY PROBLEMS BY ADDING MORE LASER SIGHTS AND ROBOT LIMBS TO MY BODY
WHOAH !
I'M SUDDENLY EXTREMELY AWARE THAT THAT'S THE MOST TRUE SENTENCE I'M EVER LIKELY TO SAY
A woman trips , falls , hits her head . You run up to offer help , but instead of blood , thick black manga seeps out of the wound . The woman turns her head unnaturally towards you and smiles . There's too many teeth in her mouth . Too many mangas .
You turn to run , hating the strange , corrupt part of you that wants to stay !
Glancing behind , you see her body skittering towards you , crawling on all fours , her limbs at impossible , horrifying angles . A slick wet trail of mangas coats the pavement behind her . You run , but everyone you pass turns to chase you too . THe entire town has been changed - - taken - - by the mangas . The townsfolk surround you , and as you stare into their eyes you see only mangas staring back at you , cast and cool and unsympathetic .
The open their mouths , too wide , mangas spewing out onto the ground in a heap .
They ignore your screams .
You're pushed into the twitching pile of mangas , your feet and hands making contact with the gelatinous mass . They spiral up your limbs , and then you feel manga pushing past your lips . The mangas are moving inside you now . You can feel yourself ending . You - - YOU ARE THE MANGAS .
Support Your Local Comic Book Store
The Scary Ghost Who Learned About Pine Trees , by T - Rex .
Once upon a time there was a scary ghost ! He was so terrifying that if you gazed to him you'd DIE .
And at present , he was learning about pine trees !
" There are over 100 different species of pine trees " , he read . " But scientists have discovered that really there's just three main kinds . One thing all pine trees have in common is that they don't lose their leaves during winter ! That makes them very special trees . We call them 'evergreen' . "
The ghost realized that this book was way beneath his reading level .
So he picks up a more advanced book ?
UTAHRAPTOR let me tell the story ! !
The ghost picked up a more advanced book . " Most pines produce both male and female cones though some species are sub - dioecious with a predominate gender across the entire tree . " The ghost was glad this book was better .
He read for a while .
UTAHRAPTOR it's my story ! Go tell your own story !
In one terrible moment , the ghost appeared to everyone on the planet . Most animal life is now dead , except for the sleeping and the blind . Eastern nations are waking up to a world half empty .
UTAHRAPTOR I meant " go tell your own story that's worse than mine " !
Thanks ! !
Okay ! HERE'S THE PLAN .
I write a true history about how the Titanic sank !
Then I go back in time to BEFORE the Titanic was even built , and publish my story as a thinly - fictionalized novel ! You know , shorten the name to the " Titan " , increase the speed of the boat a bit , throw in a few polar bears living on the iceberg that the survivors have to battle - - the usual . Then I wait for the ACTUAL event and kapow : instant fame !
This - - kinda already happened ?
NO WAY .
Yeah way ! 14 years before Titanic sank , some dude published your story under the title " Futility , or the wreck of the Titan " .
Whoah , this isn't a coincidence ! This is PROOF of both a consistent timeline AND that I pulled off my plan ! I AM TOTALLY THAT HISTORY DUDE ! !
A few years after the Titanic sank he died from overdosing on ineffective syphilis medication .
Oh .
Awwwwwwwkwarrrrrrd
CAN reproduce and DON'T age : that's a vampire !
CAN reproduce and DO age : that's a dude or a lady !
CAN'T reproduce and DON'T age : that's a ghost !
And finally , CAN'T reproduce and DO age : that's a . . . celibate lady and / or a celibate dude ?
Well , anything that can't reproduce and ages would die out , right ?
Logically , yes !
I was trying to organize fantastic beings into classes , thinking maybe there's a missing class of being I could invent . But I don't want to write about celibate dudes who got old .
Aw , I'm sure you could make it interesting !
Really ?
" Elijah was a celibate dude . When he was young he was UH - MAZING , but he's old now . He barely leaves his bed . " Whoah ! My story sucks !
" 'Mind if I . . DROP IN ? ' he heard , as a crimebusting teen swung through the open window ! "
Whoah my story rules suddenly ! !
Isn't it interesting how " maroon " can mean both " left alone " and refer to a dark purpley colour ?
THE CORRECT ANSWER HERE IS " YES " , OKAY ? ?
The colour sense comes from the French " marron " , or " chestnut " , whose colour it is supposed to reflect ! And the castaway version comes from Spanish " cimarron " , meaning something that is wild or untamed ! It's just CRAZY COINCIDENCE that these two separate words ended up being the same in English . We stole the French word and the Spanish word and then smushed 'em together and made them kiss and now they're the same word ! !
Well , they're not REALLY the same word , right ?
Sure they are !
I'd argue that they're different words that HAPPEN to have the same surface morphology . Like identical twins ! They look and sound the same , but they're different people and one of them is evil . You can't tell just by looking at them !
Oh my goodness you've just given me a great idea for my new autobiography ! !
I mean . . . " novel " ?
Sherlock Holmes , the out - of - copyright detective , was working on a case but he solved it way fast . " Thanks for the assist ! " he said , addressing his comments to . . .
THE INVISIBLE MAN ? ?
That dude was also out of copyright ! Sherlock and his pal , " Mr . Invis Ablemann " had just teamed up with Dr . Jekyll and also the dude from The Time Machine . Together they fight crimes . . . in different times ! !
T - Rex this is like the League of Extraordinary Gentlemen ! This has been -
Maaaan don't tell me it's been done before !
Sorry dude , but it has !
DARN IT .
Guess I need to search the internet before doing ANYTHING , huh , just in case it's been done before ? Better look up every sentence I ever say , just in case I'm ripping someone off ?
There was a movie .
GUESS I NEED TO WATCH EVERY MOVIE EVER TOO THEN .
Huh !
That sounds like a real nice way to go , actually
You wake up and you are inside cyberspace !
You roll your eyes at the word " cyberspace " !
Looking around you see an onramp labelled " information superhighway ! " This metaphor is incredibly dated and also terrible .
You want to point this out to someone , but the only person nearby is some kid surfing an early - 90s keyboard through the sky . He's wearing neon clothes and carrying a two - button mouse with a cord attached to it .
I wake up into real life again !
Okay
Then I roll over to my laptop and check my email .
There's a message : " Thanks for visiting us inside your computer ! ! " .
I throw my computer in the garbage and light the garbage on fire .
The toxic plastics and chemicals turn into gas and go inside your lungs . . . where a tiny kid with a tiny keyboard messes with your aveoli !
I decide to die !
I join you ; this adventure was a bad idea from the start
I'd definitely be WAY more into concrete if they named it LIQUID ROCK . Sheesh .
" Tired of not having rocks shaped like chairs or whatever ? TRY LIQUID ROCK , IT CURES HARD . "
I'd be more into water if they called it JAZZY JUIZ , and I'd be way big into air if they called it DEATH - B - GONE GAS . It's such a good name !
" Without our gas , death by suffocation is just a few terrifying seconds away ! But you can extend your life for up to a century . . . with a constant intake of Death - B - Gone ! "
And I would be way more into taxes if they called them . . . THE PRICE WE PAY FOR CIVILIZATION .
They do call them that !
Well , rad , but they should put that on the forms . " This apple costs $ 1 plus 15c to keep civilization here . Those extra cents are for keeping murders in jail ! ! Dude , nicely done ! You did us a solid ! "
" These cents are for libraries ! Read a book why don't you ? ? "
Yay libraries ! !
LIBRARIES : We Also Rent Movies Now Too
yesssss
Sometimes , even the most awesome of us get lonely ! And I should know !
Because sometimes I get lonely and there's no shame in that .
My self - worth isn't tied to how much other people like me : that's what I tell myself ! You don't have to be popular ALL of the times . If I'm alone for a few days , it's fine ! It's cool ! I'm still totes awesome ! !
Aww , don't feel lonely T - Rex . You know we'll always be there for you !
Thanks !
ALWAYS .
um
ALWAYS
Hah hah hah
I'm grinning from ear to ear , T - Rex !
Oh shiiiiiiiiiiii -
THE DAY T - REX TOOK EVERYTHING LITERALLY
LATER :
We're buried in red tape at work . I've had to jump through hoops all week just to get anything done !
. . . I see . Do you - - like your job ?
It's okay . I'm always walking on eggshells around my boss though .
That sounds . . . like okay times ? I think ?
I've had to smooth some ruffled feathers at my job too !
Yeah . That sounds pretty satisfying .
Huh . I guess it is when it works out ? It takes time from my work though , and my boss can be a real slavedriver .
What ? ! That should be illegal ! !
I really thought it was actually !
THE NEXT DAY , T - REX TAKES EVERYTHING FIGURATIVELY
I'm literally being killed to death by this giant bird ! !
My goodness , what a wonderfully evocative metaphor
Gosh but it's sometimes hard to know what the right thing to do is ! If only there were a series of rules to tell me what to do in every situation !
DEONTOLOGY COMIX
Deontology , Dromiceiomimus ! It's where you follow rules to act ethically .
So like , " Thou shalt not kill ? "
Exactly ! Once I have the rules chosen , I no longer have to worry if a given act is ethical or not , I just have to make sure it follows the rules ! This leaves me free to think about other stuff , like how cute would it be if cats and dogs had puppens ?
Maybe they'd be called kuppies ? ?
So thou is totally not going to kill , right ?
Yep !
Okay , here's one dude who's going to go back in time and stop the Big Bang from exploding , and he's not going to kill a thousand dudes . He's going to kill ALL LIFE THAT HAS OR EVER WILL BE . the only way to stop him is to kill him . If you keep with your rule and let him go , everybody dies ! T - REX , YOU ARE A MONSTER .
Oh , no bigs , I have another rule that says it's okay to kill if I really want to . More precisely , it says " harm may be done if it's an effect of a greater good " !
But come on , if you want to mess with the Big Bang I'ma shoot you in the head ! !
" Titanic " was a pretty okay name for a movie , but it would've been WAY better if they'd called it " Titanic ? ! " !
THE MAGIC OF PUNCTUATION
That surprised and outraged punctuation suggests so much : a ship out of control or perhaps a teen comedy where a colossal boat barges up on the governess as she takes her morning tea ? SO MANY HIJINKS could happen in " Titanic ? ! " !
That works for any movie though , right ? " It's A Wonderful Life ? ! "
Precisely my point !
If we're adding punctuation , why stop there ?
WHY INDEED ? !
Emphasis is also awesome . I'd love to watch " 12 Angry MEN ? ? " or " Terminator 2 : Judgment DAY ? ? "
And it works for books too : " Pride AND Prejudice ? ? "
Man it probably works for everything ! EVEN OUR VERY NAMES ? ?
" Oh hey , it's that guy I know : UTAHraptor ! ! "
Wait wait , hold up , nevermind !
* sigh *
That's just racisms
It's the future ! We write on tiny keyboards and on networks where each keystroke is at a premium . I'm not gonna spell out " therefore " when I can type " there4 " !
The English language needs to evolve to keep up !
Rather than the MAN expecting me to follow a spelling rule that was invented back when we were so dumb we never even thought of TELEPHONES , maybe we should just change the rules to keep up with how the language is used ? ?
MAYBE ?
ALSO THESE RULES WERE INVENTED BACK WHEN WE LITERALLY THOUGHT OWNING PEOPLE WAS RAD ; JUST SAYING ? ?
I can't believe you think " there4 " is the future of " therefore " !
Ah , the voice of prejudice !
Is it ? Or is it that SMS shorthand is cryptic and distancing and incredibly difficult to take seriously ? Are we going to live in a future where cops actually write " Sry but ur bro'z ded ? "
I sure hope so ! ! That officer saved valuable keystrokes . Now he has more time to arrest criminals .
MEANWHILE IN THE UNIVERSE WHERE T - REX GOT HIS WISH :
Lt us ther4 brace rselvs 2 r duties , & so bear rselvs dat f d british mpah & itz cmnwlth lst 4 a thou years , men wil stil say , 'This wuz thR finest hour . '
Wow .
It sure wuz
My parents didn't live in a world where they had the internet SILENTLY ARCHIVING EVERYTHING THEY EVER DID when they were young and stupid !
But I do have this " internet " of which I speak !
And YES it's embarrassing that when I was 12 I was really into Sonic The Hedgehog's relationships , and YES as a non - tween I now wish I had posted less about an imaginary hedgehog's relationships . But I know I'm not the only one who posted stupid stuff online !
I posted fan fiction epics about Coke and Pepsi getting into slashly H / C frenemy relationships .
I FEEL YOU , DRO .
I don't have any internet regrets in my closet !
Hah ! I DON'T BELIEVE YOU .
But even if it's true you're a dying breed ! Soon an entire generation who posted stupid stuff when they were kids will finally come of age . When you can look up the President's author - insertion Yu - Gi - Oh fanfic from 40 years ago , do we finally admit everyone is dumb sometimes ? Do finally , at last , give up on shame ? On regrets ?
My friends , children are our future , and our future CAN be great . But that greatness needs the next generation to continue posting their WIP angst crossover fics under their real names , just as we did . We need this !
I NEED THIS
Peter Horizonte was a man who had the misfortune to be born a frog .
He would've been a pretty regular dude , but he was a MOST irregular frog !
Every time he ate a fly he would say " Oh , this tastes gross . I would much prefer a nice hamburger and soda . " Every time he slept on a lily pad he'd say " Oh , this is cold and wet . I would much prefer a nice bed . " Every time he'd go on a date he'd say " Oh , this is just a regular ol' frog ! I would much prefer someone who can carry a nice conversation or read a book . "
It sounds like a pretty unhappy life !
Peter was unhappy for a long while !
But then he thought about how the rest of us have jobs , and how we don't get to jump and swim and breathe underwater every day like him . And he realized that he was happy with his froggy body after all ! THE END .
Aww , what a nice story !
It's not over yet ! !
" PS : Peter never did get used to the taste of flies . " And then there's a picture of a frog eating a big hamburger and soda ! !
I love it !
" PPS : He never QUITE got used to having sex with other frogs either ! "
Nevermind , I hate it now !

Our planet's finest athletes are gathering to compete for greatness , in a worldwide celebration of peak physical fitness known only as McDonald's Presents The Olympic Games !


So Burger King , you can stay the hell home ! ! The athletes competing here , these Adonises and Adonisettes , they don't need your fatty foods and empty calories ! They have BIG MACS ( TM ) and QUARTER POUNDERS WITH CHEESE ( TM ) lovingly crafted by McDonald's , who've turned the full force of their multinational corporation towards ensuring no athlete , no matter WHERE they live on the planet , will ever be inconveniently far away from a handful of fries served in a paper sleeve !

But suppose our greatest champions get thirsty ?
Please !

Perhaps you've forgotten Coca - Cola ( TM ) , THE OFFICIAL SUGARED AND COLOURED BEVERAGE OF MCDONALD'S PRESENTS THE OLYMPIC GAMES ? ? You want a sculpted gold - medal body ? Have you tried exercising ? Sure , maybe . But have you tried CHUGGING A COKE ?
I - I haven't ! I need to get on that already ! !

You should really check out McDonald's Presents the Oympic Games , everyone ! Between sets , Cap'n Crunch and Count Chokula are moderating a panel on early - onset diabetes !
Yes !
They loved nutrition so much they became REAL !
We have Olympics for physical fitness , where everyone stops whatever they're doing AND drops whatever they're holding so they can watch men and women be really physical around each other ! ! It's awesome !
But we need Olympics for non - physical competition too !
I want to watch the Olympics of , I don't know - general knowledge ! Let's see our greatest champions of knowing a bunch of things compete ! !
That's Jeopardy , dude .
MAYBE ! But do they get medals at the end ? ?
They get money , which they can use to purchase many items , including medals .
And the first - place winner has the most money , ergo , the nicest potential medal !
Okay , that's a good point !
But can one gather for the thrill of watching these fine specimens compete live ? ?
They have a studio audience , yes .
Well shoot , why do they call it Jeopardy ? ? They should call it , " Brain Olympics " ! I'd watch EVERY DANG NIGHT ! !

Dear God , if I have to die , please let it be doing this
I know tons about my favourite fictional characters . I can talk about them at length !
And I do ! I really do !
But I don't know anything about what's going on with my body ! !
I'm serious . If purple poops start coming out of this bad boy tomorrow morning , I will have NO IDEA what's wrong . All I'll be able to do is walk into a doctor's office and say , " Sup ? Listen , purple poops are coming out of my bum : awesome , or cause for concern ? Here's some money , so let me know ! "
That's what we have doctors for , T - Rex ! They let us know our problems for money !
But that's my point ! We ALL have bodies !
So we . . . should all be doctors ?
Yes ! Shouldn't we ? If you were a robot , wouldn't you store a copy of your blueprints and repair manual in your cyber brain somewhere ? Doesn't that just seem . . . REASONABLE ?
Man ! If I were a robot , a lot of things would be different .
GREETINGS T - REX / / I AM YOUR FRIEND UTAHROBOTER
I'm made of meat , so I get weaker AND forgetful as I get older ! !
YET I WILL LIVE FOREVER / / HOW IRONIC
IRON - IC / / GET IT
FUN FACT / / I WAS ALSO PROGRAMMED FOR JOKES
" There's no such thing as a free lunch ! "
FALSE
I have been to one , and don't freak out , but it was delicious AND free .
When economists say that , what they mean is you can't get something for nothing . That free lunch was offered by someone with an agenda , yes ?
They wanted me to buy timeshares but didn't realize that * I * cared only for lunch and the placing of lunch inside me ! !
But there's still free lunches : Agent X buys lunch , eats it , and is satisfied !
But she's paid for that !
Sure , but AFTER she's satisfied , she throws out the leftovers and then LATER , I eat them from the garbage . OH SNAP : A FREE LUNCH , and the only effect on the universe is a sanitation worker has slightly less work to do . I literally make their lives easier , AND I make the food system as a whole more efficient .
Yep !
I'm pretty much history's greatest dinosaur
Are you there , The Future ? It's me , T - Rex !
Sorry we were so dumb about a lot of stuff !
Sorry we took so long not to flip out if two dudes we've never met kissed each other . Sorry we put our poops in the water . Sorry we killed some animals until there were literally no more of them left for us to kill . Sorry we invented a plastic that'll last for thousands of years and then used it to make single - use disposable bags . What can I say ?
" Whoopsie doodle " ?
Are you there , The Present ? It's me , The Future ! We've got some questions for y'all !
Sup , The Future ?
Not much . Did you guys REALLY stand under running water once a day just so you wouldn't stink as much ?
Heh . YEP !
And you'd clean your homes on the regular to get rid of 'dust' , an ingredient of which was your own dead skin cells ? ?
Umm . . . I guess !
Ah . So Earth truly was covered in microscopic " dust mites " feeding on the flaked off - skin you left behind everywhere you went , and there wasn't a single place on the planet that wasn't infested by them .
Listen dillweed , you gonna take me back with you or what ? ?
EARLIER
We can put a man on a horse , but we can't put that horse / man combo on the moon ? ?
LATER
We can put a man in a boat , but that boat can't ramp it enough to land on the moon ? ?
LATER
We can put a man in the sky in a heavier - than - air aeroplane , but that aeroplane can't pull up high enough to reach the moon ? ?
Have they event tried putting the pedal ALL the way to the metal ?
LATER
We can put a man on the moon ! !
LATER
We can put a man on the moon , but we can't invent a dog that won't poop in my shoes ? We can put a man on the moon , but my cell phone still sucks a little ? ?
We can put a man on the moon , but Shreddies SERIOUSLY still have to taste like they're Shreddies ? ?
LATER
We can shrink down the moon so I can eat it in one bite , but I can't eat it more than once ?
Also , the shrinking is liable to wear off suddenly , causing catastrophic body containment failure ? ?
Hah Hah !
. . . wait , what
I thought it'd be cool to write a book from the point of view of my dog ! I was all ,
" I need to get inside my dog's head ! " - Me !
And it was great ! FOR EXAMPLE , take car trips : my dog has no context for " rotating a wheel which corresponds to the angle of the two front wheels perpendicular to it on the outside " , so from his point of view , nobody's driving anything ! A car is just this box we get into that takes us on a crazy fun ride , and the CAR decides where we end up ! Then we get out and explore . I love it . It makes my car a magical benevolent being instead of a moneysink that poisons the air !
Wow , I love this idea of a dog's - eye - view of the world !
The problem is , it's TOO good of an idea !
It turns out dogs are so awesome that maybe EVERY book should be written from the point of view of a dog ! Like , who here read Ulysses ? Nobody , right ? But who here would read PUPPY ULYSSES ? ?
I would read Puppy War and Pup - Pup Peace in a heartbeat .
Aw crap ! Now I'm judging all actual books against the amazing but fictional Puppy War and Pup - Pup Peace ! !
Well , it looks like I'M never reading again
The web is full of links , but there's no way I'm going to visit them all . So who's to say those pages actually exist ? Maybe they're just there to fake me out and give me the IMPRESSION we built a dang ol' world wide web !
Who's to say I'm not the only person using the internet ? ?
I'm serious ! It's possible that I'm just getting lucky and hitting the few pages that people created for me in advance !
Or maybe . . . we're simply creating them on the fly when you request them ?
OH MY GOSH THAT FINALLY EXPLAINS WHY MY INTERNET IS SO SLOW !
You guys take like FOREVER to write this stuff out !
This is ridiculous , dude !
Is it ? Is it REALLY ?
Take Wikipedia : how can I get mad at the errors when the articles are being pulled together in like two seconds , which I guess isn't that bad ? And when the page is vandalized to read " butts lol ; ) " , that's just a desperate stalling tactic for more time !
Well , if this paranoia helps you calm down about Wikipedia , I'm all for it !
Paranoia ? ? Man , I'm proposing a vast worldwide conspiracy where people work to HELP ME OUT ON DEMAND and LET ME LEARN ABOUT BOATS AND POK ? MON .
If this be paranoia , I would like a double - down refill please !
Let's say I have a cat !
And let's say this cat gets hungry !
And let's say I don't want this cat to eat me ( the real reason anyone feeds a cat ? PERHAPS ? ? ) so I go to the store and what do I buy ?
? Cat food ?
EXACTLY ! ! Pets get to eat one thing and be done with it ! They don't worry about NUTRITION because it's all taken care of in that one food !
They CAN'T worry about nutrition .
Same difference , baby .
Meanwhile I have to navigate a grocery store full of food : there's good food , there's junk food , and I bet if I chose one random item and ate only that I'd DIE . How's that fair ?
You get a choice !
Sure , but where's the easy option ? Where's the opt - out ? ?
Utahraptor , real talk !
I would eat out of a box labelled " Dedicated To The People Who Get Hungry And Don't Care About Food , But Also Don't Want To Die " , like , MINIMUM three times a week
Turns out that Bachelor Chow exists ! All you need to do is eat . . .
PET FOOD
Because if you find an animal that's genetically 99 . 4 % the same as you , you can totally go to town ON THEIR FOOD ! For example , if you're a human , try eating some Monkey Crunch ! It's cheap ! And crunch ! !
Maybe I don't want to eat pet food ?
Maybe YOU'RE not a human !
What makes you think humans want to eat monkey food ?
What do we REALLY know about them ?
Here's what : a ) They're small . B ) They have their own little internet . C ) They will readily consume monkey food ? ?
There IS a lot we don't know about humans .
I know , right ? Like , what are they thinking ? What do they want ? Why do they cry so much ?
How come they act like they're so special when they really just taste like pork ? ?
How do we know if a given work of art is great ?
I don't want to waste my time on art that sucks ! !
You could see if other people like it !
But that's just popularity ! And being popular isn't the same as being great . High school and the weekly top 40 countdown taught me that !
ZING
You could see what the critics say !
True , but they don't all agree with each other !
Then take the critical consensus !
That's just popularity with a different clique ! Isn't there some OBJECTIVE measure of greatness ?
. . . If it passes the test of time ?
That's just popularity over a longer time range ! And NOTHING's popular forever , so on a long enough timeline , everybody sucks ! !
Oh noooo !
I'M TRAPPED ON A PLANET OF EVENTUALLY SUCKY DUDS
I helped an old lady across the street and suddenly was $ 5 richer !
I thought about punching a jerk in the head and lost $ 1 in a storm drain !
I guess he wasn't that big of a jerk , huh ?
Exactly ! If he'd been a bigger jerk then I would've been doing a net good and therefore made money !
Wait , this universe has omniscient knowledge of how good someone is ?
Dude ! Apparently ! !
Then why do we have a justice system at all ? Just punch someone , check your wallet , and lock 'em up if you're way richer now .
But if you punch a good guy you'll go broke !
Then someone else can give you the money you lost , AND make 100 % of it back by being so nice to you !
What can I say , dude ?
Our universe doesn't really make much sense , but it's the only one we've got ! !
LISTEN I DON'T THINK THIS DATE IS GOING VERY WELL
a comic to be used on dates that aren't going very well
hey , thanks for reading this piece of paper I just slid across the table to you !
By the time you look up - and you just looked up , I know - I'll be gone , or at least running out the door . You see , I didn't think this date was going well and so I bailed .
By passing you this note .
That somebody else wrote .
THAT I PRINTED OUT IN ADVANCE JUST IN CASE .
Really , this is good news for you !
Really good news ! Great news ! !
You wouldn't want to be with someone with social skills like this , right ? Consider this a time - saver . You dodged a bullet .
The only way this could be better is if you dated someone cool AND adult enough to tackle their feelings head on .
Oh well ! !
Dating , am I right ? Well you know what they say :
" I'm not particularly good at it ! ! "
Utahraptor , come get a sick load of this totally WICKED HORSE I just scoped out !
( superfulous panel A )
( superfulous panel B )
Oh right , you're down here . This will be a short comic . That's fine !
( speechless )
( superfluous panel C )
Hey , thanks for reading my dating site profile and then viewing this image ! I guess it's time to tell you the truth . . .
< b > EVERYONE ELSE ON THIS WEBSITE SUCKS EXCEPT YOU AND ME < / b >
It's true . That simplifies things , right ? That means we should probably go on a date .
You and whoever is reading this should probably make out ! !
Dromiceiomimus , BE COOL ! Makeouts will come eventually , just -
JUST BE COOL
Hey everyone ! This guy really wants to kiss ! !
You know what ? I refuse to be ashamed anymore !
Attention , everyone ! ! I LIKE KISSING AND I'M PRETTY AWESOME AT IT ! !
THERE !
I SAID IT
UM BUT I ALSO LIKE LONG - TERM RELATIONSHIPS ! ! MY INTERESTS INCLUDE : LONG WALKS ON THE BEACH . . . WHERE WE MAKE OUT AND FINE DINING . . . WHERE WE MAKE OUT AND LONG INTIMATE TALKS IN FRONT OF A FIREPLACE . . . ABOUT MAKING OUT , AND HOW WE CAN DO THAT IF WE WANT
You know what's super important ? FEELINGS . Especially other people's feelings which are not boring at all . Yes , that is most definitely a face . We should all be concerned about them .
HOW TO BLUFF YOUR WAY THROUGH EVERY CONVERSATION ABOUT FEELINGS
Okay ! So first off , start every sentence with " I understand where you're coming from " and then say the person's name . That'll get you 80 % there !
This is kind of insulting , T - Rex .
I understand where you're coming from , Dromiceiomimus , but with respect , you need to let me finish .
Daaang , that WAS pretty good !
Okay , so what if I said I wanted to break up ?
Are we dating ?
For the purposes of this experiment , yes . We are rhetorical sweeties !
Okay , well : I understand where you're coming from , Utahraptor .
. . . Yes ?
Go on !
That's it ! I understand where you're coming from SO DANG HARD that I think we should break up too ! !
Look bro , this fake rhetorical relationship has meant like , nothing to me .
You and your eleven closest friends go camping . You wake up to discover the floor is lava ! But there's rocks too , and they alternate back and forth in a checkerboard pattern !
CHECKERS AS SHE IS PLAYED
And it turns out there's another team of campers just two hops away . You're trapped together , so you start moving towards each other . Maybe you can help each other escape ! But every time - EVERY TIME - when you reach each other , someone decides " screw working together ! " and instead STRAIGHT UP MURDERS A DUDE .
They jump over you and kick you into the lava from mid - air !
Exactly !
Eventually a camper makes it to the opposite side , at which point they get twice as fat and can now hop backwards . I don't know why . This continues until all campers from one side have been eliminated .
Yes , it certainly is a crazy game !
" GAME " ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
LET'S LOOK FOR AN APARTMENT
How hard could it be ?
SOON :
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
SOON :
If you were offering a room for rent , wouldn't you want to include photos of the room ? And wouldn't you want to include more information than " ROOM 4 RENT PLZ B HOT " ? ?
How big is the room ?
Apparently the smokin' hot among us care not for physical dimensions ? ?
SOON :
All these listings say " no pets " , but you have a pet !
The universe is mean to me
SOON :
This listing says you must be ABDL . What does " ABDL " stand for , Utahraptor ? " Always Boning Da Ladies " ?
Adult Baby Diaper Lover .
Oh .
. . . I'm not one of those yet
FINALLY :
Hah hah hah I'll just live in a box
Hah hah hah hah hah
LET'S LOOK FOR AN APARTMENT
How hard could it be ?
SOON :
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
SOON :
If you were offering a room for rent , wouldn't you want to include photos of the room ? And wouldn't you want to include more information than " ROOM 4 RENT PLZ B HOT " ? ?
How big is the room ?
Apparently the smokin' hot among us care not for physical dimensions ? ?
SOON :
All these listings say " no pets " , but you have a pet !
The universe is mean to me
SOON :
This listing says you must be ABDL . What does " ABDL " stand for , Utahraptor ? " Always Boning Da Ladies " ?
Adult Baby Diaper Lover .
Oh .
. . . I'm not one of those yet
FINALLY :
Hah hah hah I'll just live in a box
Hah hah hah hah hah
Dude , what if the green I see isn't the same green that YOU see ? We could all be seeing different colours , and maybe that's why we all have different favourties !
Whoooooaaaahhh
T - REX I ASK YOU FOR ON THING YOU'D LIKE TO HAVE BROADCAST INTO THE MINDS OF EVERYONE ON THE PLANET AND THAT'S WHAT YOU CHOOSE
But think about it ! Isn't it WEIRD ?
LOOK MAN I'M NOT PUTTING THAT INTO EVERYONE'S MIND
FINE . I can do better !
I said a hip , a hop , a hippie , a hippie -
to the hip hip hop and you don't stop
the rock it to the bang bang boogie say up jumped the boogie to the rhythm of the boogie , the beat !
WAIT A SEC THESE ARE JUST THE LYRICS TO " RAPPER'S DELIGHT "
do you have any objections ?
NOOOOOPE
SHORTLY :
Man , I got Sugarhill Gang's seminal hip hop jam " Rapper's Delight " stuck in my head !
* sigh * Reality is so wonderful sometimes .
AS HIGH AS A KITE :
In history times , kites were the highest things around . This was before clouds existed , because there weren't enough of us around then for our exhaled breath to form them !
PLAUSIBLE ORIGINS OF COMMON PHRASES FOR THE VERY CREDULOUS
DON'T LOOK A GIFT HORSE IN THE MOUTH :
Originally this expression was " don't look any horse in the mouth " , as the inside of the average horse's mouth is a maddening , insanity - inducing nightmare of impossible angles and non - Euclidean geometry . With the invention of equine orthodontics , the expression was modified to " GIFT horse " , gift being an acronym for " Granting Insanity From Teeth " .
Of course ! !
IT TAKES TWO TO TANGO :
Originally , tangos involved groups of three people !
Or more !
This was before mass media , so when the dance was altered , catchy idiom was used to popularize the change !
The effectiveness of this expression led to other language based news delivery , including 1492's " it's a small world " and 1676's discovery that " practice makes perfect " .
THIS CONCLUDES PLAUSIBLE ORIGINS OF COMMON PHRASES FOR THE VERY CREDULOUS
These phrase origins : they're so plausible ! !
LISTEN , FRIENDS : nobody look them up to check them and we will get along JUST FINE
Someone cut you off in traffic ? Somebody else smells funny ? Are you perhaps tired of . . . EVERYONE ELSE ON THE PLANET ? ?
Don't lie ! We all know you're thinking it !
Well , good news , friend ! While we are stuck on this planet for now , you CAN get as far away from everyone else as is possible , thanks to the Oceanic Pole of Inaccessibility ! This is the point on the ocean that's furthest away from all land . All around you is water , and the rest of us are far , far , away . Furthest furthest away , actually ! Unless you go to the moon , but the GOVERNMENT doesn't let us do that yet .
Hey , do you wanna go ?
The two of us ? ?
What's the point of getting away from EVERYONE if you bring someone with you ?
Because pals !
oh , right !
And also because we can eat each other if things don't go as planned ! !
T - Rex !
What ? I THINK ABOUT IT SOMETIMES
" Sorry " ? ?
T - REX PRESENTS : JOKE . . . OR NIGHTMARE SCENARIO ? ?
A chicken crosses the road and everyone demands you explain why this happened ! !
A blonde has used white out to correct a mistake on their computer screen . Regardless of hair colour , this person is to be your personal assistant .
A horse walks into a bar and talks to the bartender , who calmly carries on a conversation with it . Everything you thought you knew about the world is crumbling around you . You can FEEL your sanity ending .
A man in a bar pulls a tiny pianist out of his pocket !
Again , instant insanity .
A salesman dies and appears before Saint Peter and the pearly gates to Heaven ! Turns out God is real , the Bible is literally true , and you've KINDA been wearing clothing woven from two kinds of material since the day you were born .
Oh daaaaaang
A stranger entreats you to answer how many black lesbian transsexuals it takes to screw in a lightbulb , and you can't think of a way to answer that question without sounding like a COMPLETELY TERRIBLE PERSON .
Okay !
Good luck with that ! !
One day , T - Rex the handsome dinosaur was out for a walk .
Holy crap he was so handsome ! And smart too , actually ! !
He met his friend Dromiceiomimus who was also pretty nice . They were going to go on a trip . . .
Hi , T - Rex .
. . . a trip to OUTER SPACE !
Oh , is that what's happening I gotta , um , go home .
I gotta . . . skate ?
Then Utahraptor showed up and T - Rex said " hi " !
Oh man . NO WAY .
No way am I listening to you write fan fiction ABOUT YOURSELF , dude . This is like the ultimate level of onanism ! You're supposed to do that stuff ALONE .
Suddenly Utahraptor decided to stop being mean ! !
Dude , the whole idea of autobio fanfic is awful !
Just then T - Rex changed his name to " Luke Starwars " and then everyone wanted to buy his book now that it's called " Luke Starwars , Vampire Guy ! In This Story He Sees Some Sexy Bods " !
Okay , that IS better , but still .
That's like , a two - day loaner from the library , TOPS .
Everyday , everyone in my story gets a little older ! Everyone dies , eventually !
Just like real life ! !
But one scientist is studying aging and makes the stupendous discovery that every time we make a mistake , we get older . It's like this law of the universe that encourages the evolution of perfect beings . If we could somehow stop making mistakes , we'd never die !
So she stops making mistakes ?
She tries to , anyway !
But how does she know what counts as a mistake ?
She's a scientist ! SHE SCIENCES .
Through experiments she begins to determine what counts as a mistake , and adjusts her life accordingly . Soon she's behaving strangely , living outside of society : a pariah ! But she's so close to not aging she can taste it . ( It tastes like candy , FYI ! )
And then ?
And then she succeeds and lives forever and she's so great and smart and pretty and she marries me ! ! SURPRISE . THIS IS ACTUALLY FAN FICTION ABOUT MYSELF AND YOU LISTENED TO EVERY WORD THIS TIME .
BAD NEWS T - REX
TERRIBLE NEWS ACTUALLY
FEDEX HAS BECOME A REAL PERSON
Oh no .
OH NO .
James Fedex is your friend who promises ( for real this time ) that he'll DEFINITELY come over with some beer he owes you and party , only the best he can nail it down to is any point between 8 am and 6 pm today . So you stay home all day , but turns out you wasted your time because hahah he totally didn't show up ! And when you call him to complain he straight - up lies , saying his records CLEARLY indicate he showed up and YOU just didn't answer the door !
And now he'll only give up your beer if you go to his house instead !
AND HE LIVES IN THE MIDDLE OF NOWHERE
Why do we do this , Utahraptor ? Why do we have such an unreliable and toxic person in our lives ?
And why do we pay him to bring stuff to us in the first place ?
Wait . HE'S GETTING PAID ? WHY WOULD ANYONE PAY THIS GUY FOR ANYTHING ? ?
Oh my gosh , it's like , the only advantage of FedEx being a real person is that at least this way he'll ACTUALLY DIE SOMEDAY
BAD NEWS T - REX
Oh ?
ALL THE CORPORATIONS ARE REAL PEOPLE NOW
Oh .
Oh ! !
Quick , Dromiceiomimus ! Help me find Nintendo ! I want to go on a date with Nintendo before anyone else does , in case the other guys are better than me at dating Nintendo ! !
What if Nintendo's a dude ?
WHAT IF I DON'T CARE
LATER :
Any luck finding Nintendo ?
None !
I found Coca - Cola , but all he wanted to do was watch me drink Coke .
I mean , that makes sense .
Then he wanted to go find athletes so he could pay them to say they drink Coke too .
Again : makes sense .
Then his eyes rolled back in his head and Coke shot out from his face in a spectacular geyser ! And lo , the entire food court was drenched in warm sticky Coca - Cola , and we drank . We drank until we were sated .
I'm - I'm not sure another multinational could love me anymore
Hey , for whom does that bell toll ?
OH MAN
FAMOUS QUOTATIONS IN SINGLE PANELS
I'm not sure if my time machine sent me back too far ! Quick : What time , age , epich , and season is it ?
Best and worst , wisdom and foolishness , belief and incredulity , light and hope , and darkness and despair !
Okay
Neato
This chick's writing fiction in her own room !
WHOAH . She must have MONEY .
Aw man , did something gang aft agley in here ? Something smells like it gang afty agleyed hardcore .
Yeah , I . . . kinda left some of my schemes out . My best - laid ones , actually .
Dude . NAST - TEE .
According to my map of the yellow woods , this road diverges here .
It doesn't matter which road we take : later we'll just TELL people we took th emore indie one ! T - Rex : Nice ! I'm glad we didn't misunderstand this quote as is commonly don
Did you know that human babies don't even come out with teeth ?
It's totally true ! They're like - all gums !
" But then how do they catch their prey ? " you ask ? Easy : they don't !
They don't ?
Nope ! INSTEAD , they feed off the juices they suck out of their mother's chest !
. . . Mammals , man .
" Mammals " .
Dude , are you being mammals racist ?
No , I love mammals ! I just think they're UNUSUAL , and weirdly big into mammaries . They're so big into mams that they put it right in their name !
Well , we're " dinosaurs " .
Exactly ! TERRIBLE ( IN THE POWERFUL SENSE ) LIZARDS . We don't define ourselves by our BOOBS .
Also , our skeletons look way more badass , not trying to start a fight here just stating facts .
Some rappers brag too much !
That's right ! I said it !
EARLY hip hop was more concerned with how fun it was to be rapping to the beat , and with assuring us that what we were hearing was not a test . I miss those days !
You miss one song in particular that you listen to twice a day really loud ?
TRUE . But I miss it when it's not those times when I do that !
So what do you want raps about ?
New subjects !
Let's have songs about REAL LIFE : raps about running out of salt and thinking 'wow when was the last time I bought salt ? " . Raps about thinking how ridiculous it is to have to buy salt when it's in the oceans for free . Raps about considering if you could take extra salt off the sidewalk in winter and save money that way . Is it edible ?
It's all salt , right ? If it's dirty , I could wash it . I mean , it would dissolve , but then I could evaporate that water and recover the salt !
T - Rex , do you . . . want some salt ?
No man , I got this
Here's the 411 : we don't need words to speak anymore ! We can use NUMBERS !
We can save words for when it's a 911 situation !
For when it's an emergency situation ?
That's correct , Dromiceiomimus ! Or should I say , " 100 % , Dromiceiomimus ! " ?
Either is acceptable .
I don't think you can keep this up !
Try me !
Okay T - Rex : what would you say if . . . YOUR COMPUTER'S FILE SYSTEM GOT CORRUPTED ?
I need 0 !
That's the number for Directory Assistance . Nicely played !
Thank you , thank you .
LATER :
Wait a second : Utahraptor totally set me up for giving a sweet answer with that question ! !
AWWW , I love pals
Miracles ! They happen in real life !
According to religion !
And this is great , because this gives us DATA POINTS . If miracles are really just tricks , you'd expect miracles to drop off as we move towards a more savvy , skeptical , technologically - informed society ! But if they're REAL , then it seems reasonable to assume that the baseline worldwide miracle rate would remain just about constant . So with our hypothesis , we can SCIENCE !
So - what do you see ?
Well , turns out it's . . . complicated ?
" Miracle " is semantically widened : it's no longer CLASSIC impossibilities ( two objects occupying the same space ) but also just merely unlikely stuff . And it's not even " body cured itself of disease " unlikely . I'm talking " cute cat survived car accident " . " Favorite hat found " . " Lady got a job she kinda wanted " .
" Unlikely but desirable even happened in front of an observer , making my historical analysis complicated and annoying " .
So let's say a miracle is something really special - a literal one in a million chance !
And let's say , conservatively , that we're awake eight hours a day !
And let's go on being conservative and say that only one event happens around us per second !
One event ?
Sure ! Like , right now , talking to me is an event . You're looking at me and standing during this event . Events happen CONSTANTLY , but we'll be good and reduce them to one per second .
So eight hours is . . . 28 , 800 seconds , right ?
Sure , yeah ! Probably !
And that means we'll have a million events in 34 . 7 days . Which means you can expect to see a one - in - a - million chance about once a month !
EXACTLY . Miracles are common - place ! Improbable things happen , and given enough chances , even way super unlikely things will happen for sure !
AT THIS EXACT MOMENT , A COIN FLIP HAS LANDED NOT HEAD OR TAILS , BUT PERFECTLY BALANCED ON ITS SIDE . HOWEVER , NOBODY HERE SAY IT HAPPEN :
Anyway !
That's all I had to say , I think I'm going back to bed now
T - REX DO YOU WANT TO HAVE ALL THE POWERS OF SUPERMAN
Hah ! Nooooo thanks !
I already know how it is !
TERRIFYINGLY AWFUL .
Great , you're so fast and so strong that you alone are capable of preventing - anything ! EVERYTHING . And great , your senses are acute enough that you're super - aware , too ! Which means that when something bad happens WORLDWIDE , you know about it and you know only you can stop it . Is that mugging worth flying around the world for ? What about that murder ? Which simultaneous murder on opposite sides of the planet is more important , Superman ? ?
Well , at some point the man has to make a choice !
Sure !
And in the face of those awful and constant and endless life - or - death ethical decisions , what does he do ? HOLD DOWN A JOB , and FLIRT WITH HIS COWORKER . Oh sorry , person being stabbed in the face ! Superman's on a date with a human woman right now ! He thinks that's more important .
BUT T - REX YOU GET TO FLY IN SPACE WHERE THERE'S NO SOUND
Oh geez I forgot that part !
Okay , yeah , sign me UP brotimes ! !
T - REX DO YOU WANT TO HAVE ALL THE POWERS OF SUPERMAN
Hah ! Nooooo thanks !
I already know how it is !
TERRIFYINGLY AWFUL .
Great , you're so fast and so strong that you alone are capable of preventing - anything ! EVERYTHING . And great , your senses are acute enough that you're super - aware , too ! Which means that when something bad happens WORLDWIDE , you know about it and you know only you can stop it . Is that mugging worth flying around the world for ? What about that murder ? Which simultaneous murder on opposite sides of the planet is more important , Superman ? ?
Well , at some point the man has to make a choice !
Sure !
And in the face of those awful and constant and endless life - or - death ethical decisions , what does he do ? HOLD DOWN A JOB , and FLIRT WITH HIS COWORKER . Oh sorry , person being stabbed in the face ! Superman's on a date with a human woman right now ! He thinks that's more important .
BUT T - REX YOU GET TO FLY IN SPACE WHERE THERE'S NO SOUND
Oh geez I forgot that part !
Okay , yeah , sign me UP brotimes ! !
William Shakespeare was an excellent writer guy , so we saves his plays so that everyone can enjoy them ! Generations have applauded them as being pretty okay ! !
SUCKS TO BE THE PEOPLE WHO PERFORMED THEM , HUH ? ?
THEIR performances are lost , forever and ever . Entire lives spent perfecting their craft , and for what ? So that they could die before the advent of recorded sound ? ?
Well , we have printed records of people praising their performances .
Perfect : tantalizing glimpses of all we've lost !
Teh vast majority of stage performance is gone forever ! So much talent wasted !
I think it's romantic !
When our every purchase is recorded and Facebook never forgets what parties you went to , isn't it nice that some things get forgotten ? Plus , it allows us to canonize them , making them better in our imagination than they could ever have been in real life !
Huh !
LATER :
There ! Now with my Facebook deleted , I shall be remembered in legend instead of in depressing reality ! !
I call my legend , " T - Rex ! I Heard He Put A Buffet Out Of Business Once And Didn't Puke On His Belly , You Can't Prove He Didn't " !
Relativity means that time dilates the faster you move .
The faster you go , the slower time moves for you relative to a motionless observer !
And the Earth is rotating at about 1600 km an hour ! !
So time's going just a little bit more slowly for us than it would be going for a motionless observer .
Neat , huh ?
Yeah !
Plus the Earth orbits the sun at 107 , 000 km an hour , so we're stuck in time a little bit more .
Neat !
And the solar system itself is tearing around our galactic core at about 220 km a SECOND .
. . . N - Neat ?
And that's just the motion we know about !
There's MORE ?
The galaxy's moving through the universe , and the universe ITSELF could be moving .
What if it's moving at relativistic speed , T - Rex ?
What if our universe exists for but a single split second , but it seems like billions of years for us , caught inside it ?
OH NO I'M TRIPPING
BAAAALLLLSSSSSS
OH NO , NOW I DON'T WANT TO STOP TRIPPING THESE BALLS BECAUSE I'M OPEN TO POSSIBILITIES I'VE NEVER CONSIDERED BEFOORREEEE
NIIIIIIIIIICE
T - REX REMEMBER YOUR IDEA OF BEING TRAPPED IN A UNIVERSE TRAVELLING AT RELATIVISTIC SPEED
From yesterday ?
Kinda ?
LOOK I'M NO PHYSICIST BUT WHAT IF IT'S THE OPPOSITE
LIKE WHAT IF INSTEAD THE UNIVERSE EXISTS FOR A LONG TIME AND THEN ANYONE LOOKING IN SEES THINGS MOVING SO SLOWLY THAT A SECOND IN HERE EQUALS A HUNDRED YEARS OUT THERE
So someone looking in would see us frozen in time ! Whoah !
Aww ! I like a frozen - in - time universe way better !
I do too !
Our every moment could be studied , observed , and finally - understood . We wouldn't have to worry about making sense of our lives , knowing someone outside is there doing it for us , and that they have all the time in the world . A multi - generational project covering just 30 seconds of my life : how flattering ! How wonderful !
SUDDENLY T - REX RECALLS ALL THE TIMES HE HAS ENJOYED PRIVATE " JUST ME " SEXY TIMES , SOME OF WHICH LASTED WELL OVER 30 SECONDS :
Aw geez , aw geez ! !
* sigh *
Aw geez
T - Rex , I'm having dinner with a coworker and I'm not sure if it's a date or not !
Not a problem , dude on speakerphone !
Solution : DESSERT .
Check this out ! " Dromiceiomimus , that was a lovely meal . "
" It was , wasn't it ? "
" Yeah , and look , one of the dessert options is a piece of DATE bar ! Should we get one ? Hmm ? Do you agree it's appropriate that we get a . . . DATE bar ? ? "
NAILED IT .
" Maybe we should get . . . milkshakes ? "
" Maybe just one ? with two straws ? "
" Or perhaps for dessert we could order spaghetti where it's just one giant strand and we each suck on an end ? And then see what happens ? "
" After that maybe we can get home via . . . swan paddle boat for two ? "
" Maybe we can playfully splash water at each other ? "
" And then suddenly stop , drenched , staring at each other , each wanting , neither daring to make the first move ? ? "
. . .
MAN , I miss dates
GLUTEN COMICS
Gluten is a protein composite that can be found in all sorts of food !
Which is super concerning , as it's a GOVERNMENT SPONSORED MIND - CONTROL ADDITIVE ! !
Experimental Nanocompound " . When ingested in sufficient quantities , it changes the way your mind works , making you more pliable to messages of control and submission !
But some bakeries offer gluten - free bread .
THEY'RE THE UNDERGROUND . Notice how they never last for long ? ?
Okay , how do you fit people with Celiac disease into your theory ?
DUDE .
They're allergic to gluten : THEIR BODIES DON'T ABSORB IT . That makes them the only ones immune to governmental mind control ! They're our freedom fighters , Utahraptor ! !
T - Rex : are you 100 % certain , beyond a doubt , that you didn't just read . . . a wildly vandalized Wikipedia page ?
LATER , T - REX READS THE WIKIPEDIA PAGE FOR " GLUTEN " WHEN IT'S NOT VANDALIZED :
Good news about gluten , everyone ! It's not an experimental nanocompound !
Bad news about reality , everyone ! It's WAY more boring than it could've been ! !
Why don't we have robot cars that drive us around yet ?
I want robot cars !
Driving is a job that's super boring but that nevertheless requires CONSTANT focus and attention , and if you slip up , you DIE . And do you know what we non - robots are pretty sucky at ?
Not dying ?
Whoa . I mean , YEAH : I was gonna say we're bad at staying focused on boring stuff , but man , we ARE bad at not dying , huh ? We're terrible at it , like , as a RULE . We die all the time . We die in our SLEEP .
How bad do you have to be at sleep to DIE just by trying to do it ? ?
You were talking about robot cars ?
Yeah , finish inventing them and legalize them already . Hey , can you think of a single thing to do that someone hasn't died attempting ?
. . . Maybe something super modern like - posting to Twitter ? I guess ?
Man , someone's TOTALLY died posting to Twitter . I GUARANTEE IT .
LATER , T - REX SEARCHES TWITTER FOR " oh no now I'm dead , lol " :
15 hits ! 15 lives cut so tragically short that the only response left to us is this : a lol , perhaps a rofl .
Flights of angels sing thee to thy rest , @ doctor _ weed _ fart _ haver _ 420 ! !
T - REX IF YOU WERE TO DIE SOON
LIKE SAY
TOMORROW
WHAT WOULD THERE BE ON YOUR BUCKET LIST
Top of my bucket list is to die without ever using the phrase " bucket list " , so thanks for ruining that for me . But next would be to get thrown out of a place !
It's not hard to get kicked out of somewhere , T - Rex !
No . No , I said THROWN out .
Like in cartoons ? Held up by your belt and shirt collar ?
EXACTLY .
And then I land in a pile of trash with a banana peel on my head . And I exhale , and the banana peel over my head lifts up a bit . Then it flops down again .
Wow .
I know ! Doesn't that sound nice ?
* sigh *
I think that sounds real nice .
Some men climb mountains , while others split atoms like the gods themselves . All I want to do is get a shopkeep with strong upper body strength to object to my continued presense .
And yet you haven't even done that yet .
AW MAN , WHAT THE HELL
T - REX I HAVE SENT YOU BACK IN TIME NINE YEARS TO EXPLAIN THE FUTURE TO YOUR FRIENDS
Awesome ! !
Everyone , come quick ! I'm from the future ! !
Incredible ! What's the future like , T - Rex ?
It's amazing ! Some people have jobs where ALL THEY DO is design special interfaces for android users ! !
Wow , like - cyborgs ?
Well , no , it's like -
- it's like an operating system . . . for a phone ?
Surely we have space elevators !
Hah !
I'll tell you what we DO have : a website you can write " FAIL " on top of other people having a hard time !
. . . Oh .
No , you don't understand : it sounds awful when I put it that way , but it's actually really funny to laugh at strangers behind their backs ! !
T - REX I HAVE RETURNED YOU TO THE PRESENT BECAUSE YOU MAKE EVERYTHING SEEM TERRIBLE
It's not my fault ! I didn't name a phone thing " Android " ! !
Geez why not start a sandwich company called " Hovercars 4 Free " while you're at it , GOOGLE
Today I wrote 500 pages of my fanfiction epic , " Doc Brownhay And Marty McHorse " . The premise is , what if Marty was a McHorse ?
I know ; IT " S GREAT .
But in that time I looked at related videos and things that interest me , and MAN , I realized I probably caused more information to come into the world by doing that than by writing : what videos I watched what I searched for - the works ! All this is information I caused to be created !
And more information is being tracked and recorded everyday !
Exactly my point !
It's not hard to imagine a future where more recorded information exists ABOUT me than information I personally produced . You may not know what I cared about , who I loved , or what I cared about , but by God you'll know my ad click behavior patterns and what my IP address was searching for .
Wow , says here that according to his search logs and ad engagement thresholds , this dude was big into socks for a couple days there . I wonder if he needed to buy new socks . Yes Indeed history sure is mysterious
Hey , remember when I argued QUITE PERSUASIVELY that Aladdin was history's greatest monster for never ever wishing an end to suffering ?
Turns out he's got competition !
FROM SNOW WHITE'S WICKED QUEEN .
The story glosses over it kind quickly , like they KNOW it's nuts , but this lady - this QUEEN - has a magic mirror which , due to its magical ways , will HONESTLY ANSWER ANY QUESTION YOU PUT INTO IT AS LONG AS IT RHYMES . And what does she use it for ?
Prettiness tests !
Exactly !
She doesn't say " Mirror mirror on the wall , how can life's curse of aging be stalled ? "
Nope !
Nor does she say " Mirror mirror on the wall , how can clean energy be provided for all ? " or even " Mirror mirror mounted here , how can chicks and dudes have satisfying careers ? "
NOR does she ask " Mirror mirror mounted centrally , please provide a closed - system technique of reversing entropy " . What a jerk ! !
MEANWHILE , IN FAIRYTALE LAND :
Mirror mirror on the wall , who's the fairest of them all ?
Fair like pretty or fair like equality ? The word has overloaded semantic duality .
True enough !
IT'S AGAIN TIME FOR ROMANCE TIPS WITH T - REX
Alright , alright . Fine .
* ahem *
Love !
It's PROBABLY worth the effort ? ?
Okay , so everyone's looking for love , right ? This being the case , the smart move isn't to joint that huge amorphous crowd . The smart move is to let those suckers find you ! You need to make yourself FOUND . You need to make yourself a catch !
How do you do that ?
Easy ! BE AWESOME .
And if you're not awesome , get that way ! Better yourself : explore things that interest you , whatever !
Yes !
If you put all your points into making yourself more AWESOME , then even if you're still single at the end , who friggin' cares ? You're awesome now .
Plus , you're doing all the stuff you want . If you don't have a sweetie , it doesn't matter : life is awesome ! You're awesome ! !
Yes sir !
In conclusion : manipulate others , events , and yourself to get what you want , the end
You read a story and it's like , " Hey ! Here's a bunch of fake stuff that didn't happen ! "
" Spend some of your finite life pretending that it did ! "
And we do it !
We do it ALL THE TIME .
We imagine stuff and we watch television and we pay to see movies and basically , all we're running around spending a non - trivial chunk of our lives - of EACH AND EVERY DAY - imagining things and events and situations that don't exist .
And then we fall asleep and do it all over again in dreamland ! !
Are you going to argue that imagining alternate realities gives us motivation to improve this one ?
Whoah !
No man , I was gonna argue that we need to knuckle down and read more nonfiction , and also , dream more nonfiction .
But your argument turns daydreaming into , like - a social good !
I'm kinda the Gandhi of imagination over here !
I wouldn't go that far .
I would , and did ! !
Now I'm dreaming about what if we had a boat , and then we all lived on that boat !
Join me , won't you ?
Though I must caution you . . .
On our boat , the sails and sailors alike are . . . * taut * .
One day , Graham developed the ability to pass through solid matter !
He could now walk through walls !
Gravity yanked him to the center of the Earth , gruesomely killing him ! !
So when Graham 2 suddenly developed the ability to pass though solid matter , he made sure that his feet stayed solid !
While he couldn't walk through walls , he could poke his head through them and look around !
What happened to him ?
The transformation occurred while he was reheating lunch , and he tripped and fell and his head passed through the microwave .
Dead .
These Grahams aren't having much luck !
It's a tricky power to have !
Graham 3 realized that if he was passing through solid matter then matter was also passing though him , which explained to his satisfaction why he was suffocating to death .
Graham 4 made it so matter could only pass through his hands , but then all the blood in his body shot out of his wrists in tremendous geysers !
When Graham 5 made it so he could pass through matter , everything in his digestive system - including the microflora - fell onto the floor in a wet heap , leaving him disgusted hungry , AND vulnerable to pathogens .
He , um - did pretty okay , actually !
HOW TO BE A SAILOR
Oh crap ! Is there like a school you go to for that ? Like . . . sailor school ? Boat undergrad ?
High Seas High ?
Aren't you supposed to be the teacher here ?
DUDE I JUST WANDERED IN HERE FROM THE LEFT . I have no idea what I'm doing !
Hello , T - Rex ! I'm here to be taught how to be a sailor , as was promised to me .
FRIG
Boats ! The planes of the sea ! Boats have been used since history times , but how does one command these mighty vessels ? How does one bend the will of Poseidon , forcing him to shoulder even our most audacious boat - shaped objects ? ?
These are among the questions I have , yes
LATER :
Attention , class ! !
I tried to look boats up on Wikipedia , but according to Wikipedia , my IP is totes banned from Wikipedia
RAP TUESDAY
I'm here to rap about things I like / This includes going for a ride on my bike ! !
I'M HERE TO RAP ABOUT BEING GOD / SO EVERYBODY HERE BEST PREPARE TO GET AWED
I CREATED THE UNIVERSE WHAT CAN I SAY / DID MOST OF THAT JUNK IN A SINGLE DAY / SPENT THE REST OF THE TIME STONE COLD CREATIN' DUDES / TOTALLY MADE THOSE SUCKERS ALL COME OUT NUDE
Hollah ! !
I'm here to rap about friends ! / They are people I recommend !
YES !
YOU GUYS INTERRUPTED ME WHEN MY RAP TOTALLY WASN'T DONE / I THOUGHT GOD WOULD GET MORE THAN TWO RHYMING COUPLETS SON
Everyone only gets to rap for a bit / Then their rap's done because that is it !
Oh , okay
REGULAR WEDNESDAY :
Daaaaaaang , everyone !
I miss yesterday ! !
Wouldn't it be nice to be able to survive being flattened by a steamroller , as long as there's an air hose nearby ?
And it'd be nice to run in the air over chasms , as long as you don't look down !
Ah , you want to live in a world of cartoon physics . I can see the attraction , T - Rex !
I know , right ? Cartoon physics aren't so much " wrong " as they are " intuitively right " . Why shouldn't we leave a perfectly us shaped hole when we run through a wall ? I WANT TO DO THIS SO BAD , Dromiceiomimus .
SO BAD .
Meanwhile , in the cartoon physics universe :
Ahhhhhh ! Run away !
AHHHH !
Dear God ! why did I zot my leftovers from last night ?
You KNEW that would expose any bacteria on them to microwave radiation ! And you KNEW that all radiation , regardless of source , causes gigantism and monsterism !
Frigging microwaves ! !
WHY do we keep them in our KITCHENS ? !
Wouldn't it be nice to be able to survive being flattened by a steamroller , as long as there's an air hose nearby ?
And it'd be nice to run in the air over chasms , as long as you don't look down !
Ah , you want to live in a world of cartoon physics . I can see the attraction , T - Rex !
I know , right ? Cartoon physics aren't so much " wrong " as they are " intuitively right " . Why shouldn't we leave a perfectly us shaped hole when we run through a wall ? I WANT TO DO THIS SO BAD , Dromiceiomimus .
SO BAD .
Meanwhile , in the cartoon physics universe :
Ahhhhhh ! Run away !
AHHHH !
Dear God ! why did I zot my leftovers from last night ?
You KNEW that would expose any bacteria on them to microwave radiation ! And you KNEW that all radiation , regardless of source , causes gigantism and monsterism !
Frigging microwaves ! !
WHY do we keep them in our KITCHENS ? !
You DARE ?
You dare to correct MY grammar ?
I who have studied grammar with the hedonistic monks of Mount Syntax , I who have communed deeply with the mark both Question and Exclamation , I who traveled to - AND RETURNED FROM - the deepest caves of Punctuation Prime : you dare to challenge my command of language ? I invented the future perfect continuous passive , bitches !
AND I was the first to employ " bitches " as a generic intensifier , bitches ! !
Would you say you're . . . PAST TENSE with whoever corrected you ?
This is no time for hilarious word - play !
I need to recover my honour . I need the linguistic equivalent of a white glove to slap across someone's face , challenging them to a grammatical pop quiz to the death !
You could thank them and correct your mistake .
NEVER . THEY NEED TO KNOW HOW GOOD I AM AT WORD STUFF .
LATER , T - REX LEAVES A VOICEMAIL FOR THE PERSON WHO CORRECTED HIM :
Hello ! It's T - Rex ! Remember ? The guy on the bus ?
Listen , I just thought you should know that " The Elements of Style " is based on my own " Periodic Table of Grammatical Swag " ?
HALLOWE'EN FOR PARENTS
Parents !
Are you having trouble thinking of spooktacular ways to make Hallowe'en special for your kids , aged 4 to 17 ?
Wow , really ?
You are ? ?
Other , better parents probably don't have this problem , huh ?
HAH HAH , JUST KIDDING !
EVERYONE SUCKS THE SAME .
Okay , well , have you tried spooky snacks ?
Make " blood punch " , " monster eyes " or " witch hair " !
But secretly this is just pink lemonade , peeled grapes , and spaghetti .
I don't know , put the peeled grapes in the spaghetti .
Oh no , so spooky ! !
You don't have kids , dude !
True !
But you don't need kids of your own to spend a lot of time thinking of how to reduce children to abject terror .
Wait , that came out wrong .
You don't need kids of your own to take a particular , direct interest in other people's little ones .
Hold on .
You don't need kids of your own -
T - Rex , please stop .
SOON :
Got it !
" You don't need kids of your own to be a strange adult who is trying to get them to eat something . "
. . . Wow .
Language is HARD , dudes !
Rachel was trying , and failing , to fall asleep . In desperation , she finally said " Body , I'm in control , and I say : SLEEP . "
She woke up from her coma three weeks later !
Holy smokes !
Rachel had tripped across her LATENT SUPERPOWER : being able to take manual control of any bodily process . Soon , she was stopping her heart and then starting it up again , encoding " HEY HATERS WHAT'S UP " into her blinking via slowed - down Morse Code : the works .
But there was one problem : once she took manual control , she couldn't restore it to automatic !
So she was always making her heart beat ?
Yep ! It was like clenching a fist once a second !
But she kept pushing her limits , manually controlling her breathing and heartbeat and blinking until she one day took control over CELLULAR REPRODUCTION . Now no cell in her body divided without her telling it to . It was a living nightmare ; nobody could coordinate that many events without messing up .
Some body parts grew huge as their cells divided wildly while others withered and died . Rachel - thankfully ! - didn't last much longer , and her last words were " If T - Rex narrativizes my life story I'll come back and haunt him forever " . Later , I -
OH DAAAAAAANG
Oh no , is that a vampire outside your house ? Oh crap , what was that rad advice T - Rex gave you ? ? Wow , I bet NOW that it's too late you really wish you paid attention during
HOW TO PROTECT YOURSELF AGAINST SUPERNATURAL CREATURES
GHOSTS :
Ghosts are incorporeal and thus pose no threat at all . You should of corse be aware of how the ghost of every mosquito , spider , cockroach , and poo bug you ever killed is crawling on your face right now . But don't worry ! They're ghosts ! Does it REALLY matter that they're all piled on top of your eyes , pushing their way in ? ?
VAMPIRES :
Just don't have nay blood inside you UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES
Easy peasy ! !
WEREWOLVES :
Like all canids , werewolves can be trained with operant conditioning , or " clicker training " . rather than punishing bad behavior , reinforce your lycanthrope's desirable behavior at the moment it happens with a click and a treat !
Neat !
ANTS :
Ants live in colonies where every ant has a special role , like " solder " , " worker " or " queen " ! Amazingly , ants make up almost 25 % of all the biomass on the planet !
Ants can easily be defeated by stepping on them .
THE END
We've spent generations trying to figure out how to fly . And now we know how to do it ! Kinda !
We can fly if we've got an airplane wrapped around us , anyway !
Meanwhile , FAIRIES have been able to fly since forever and they do so under their own power . Have they shared any heavier - than - air flight skills with us ? NO THEY HAVE NOT .
But - aren't fairies magic ?
That's even worse ! We've got nuclear waste that has to be managed for the next thousand years . SOME MAGIC SURE WOULD BE HANDY FOR THAT , HUH ? ? WOW . WOW IT SURE WOULD .
Maybe it's like a fairy Prime Directive thing !
That - makes sense , actually !
Giving us magic overnight would destroy us ! IN FACT , maybe that's why fairies themselves are so rare : When they invented magic , they nearly destroyed themselves with the sudden , unpredictable and corrupting power !
The few survivors dare only use a handful of protective spells : immortality and flight !
Yes ! And the magical fallout means they can't ever go home again ! ! I always thought I'd never say this , but . . . " I really want to read a novel set during the Fairy Magic Civil War " .
Wow . Life surprises you sometimes , am I right ?
The year is five thousand years ago . The place : FAIRYLAND . The camera is slowly panning across a destroyed landscape .
There , within the burning wreckage of civilization , stands a battered fairy !
We zoom in on his bleeding wings and bruised face as he looks out across the wreckage . Then , we switch to a POV shot , lingering on different elements in the warzone : buildings destroyed by implosions . Giant bacteria lying limp and dead across city blocks . Evidence of fantastic creatures and powers , used only once , and resulting only in self - destruction .
Fairyland civil war ?
It lasted only two hours .
All it took was a single first - time spellcaster to lose control , and retaliation by equally unskilled fairies took care of the rest . The few who survived did so only by chance . And those survivors decided to forever hide all evidence of magic . They choose water as the tool of their repentance !
The flood covered the planet : JUST LIKE IN THE BIBLE ? ? Or as it shall now be known , JUST LIKE IN THAT SHARED UNIVERSE FANFICTION SEQUEL TO MY RAD FAIRY STORY ? ?
WAIT HOLD ON WHAT - WHAT - I WASN'T LISTENING - WHAT
Centaurs ! Everyone loves centaurs because they're a horse on the bottom half -
- and a dinosaur on the top half !
It's FLAWLESSLY AWESOME . A horse body combined with my upper torso ? WHAT IS THERE NOT TO LIKE ?
While centaurs are pretty awesome , I think mermaids are better : fish bottoms , ferocious dinosaur tops !
Aw geez , I forgot how amazing mermaids are ! !
I like the minotaur : head of a bull , body of a dinosaur !
No doubt it's a rad beast !
You ever wonder if these amazing creatures will get messed up by future generations ? Like , instead of having awesome dinosaur parts , they'd replace them with something much wimpier and softer , like I dunno , mammals or protoprimates ?
So terrible ! The very idea makes me want to barf .
Oh no ! I'm dropping a barf right now because I imagined it too hard !
Don't vom on the carpets !
blegh
oh no , the vom is coming out
T - REX WHAT IF YOU HAD ONE WISH
I'd hack it so I get mo -
AND THERE WAS NO WAY TO HACK IT SO YOU GET MORE WISHES
Truly impossible !
Finding ways to wish for more wishes is like computer hacking ( looking for oversights in systems ) combined with linguistics ( talking with words or whatever ) and those are like my two major interests ! YOU CAN'T KEEP ME OUT .
DUDE YOU DON'T EVEN KNOW HOW TO PROGRAM IT SO A HORSE CAN FIRE A MISSILE
. . .
doesn't mean I'm not interested in it though
You can still do a lot with one wish ! World peace , clean energy . . .
Okay , okay ! FINE .
I wish for -
DUDE I WASN'T OFFERING YOU A WISH I WAS ASKING WHAT I SHOULD DO WITH MINE
You get - wishes ?
I GET IT ALL BABY
HOLLAAAAA
Stuck in a depressing routine , where every day seems the same as the last one ?
Hah hah , wow !
You got yourself some WACK problems , huh ? ?
Luckily , there is a solution .
Try doing something new to break up the routine !
Like pouring the milk into the bowl BEFORE the cereal ?
Whoah , no , that's -
- that's just mad nutty , Dromiceiomimus
So what would you suggest ?
Change your language !
You don't have a ROUTINE of passing out in front of TV after work . T - Rex : You have a tradition !
Your life has fallen into a daily tradition , and you're beginning to notice you're TRADITIONALLY not invited to work functions .
Yaaay !
Doesn't the word " tradition " remind you of Christmas ?
It . . . used to ?
SOON :
Don't worry T - Rex , this is an entirely traditional procedure .
Doctor !
I for one now am completely at ease ! !
No , I'm sorry , you misunderstand .
What I meant to convey was , we gon' be using bugs
WHY ARE POLTERGEISTS SUCH JERKS ? ?
Poltergeists !
They throw pots and pans at our heads , knock on walls , and mess with our electronics !
BUT WHY ?
What'd we do to these chumps ? ?
Originally , our greatest minds suggested that that just as we can see through ghosts , they too can see through us , in a figurative sense !
They are aware of every lie we've ever told , and so they're super cheezed at being lied to : hence the smashed up plates and whatnot .
What about ghosts of people we've never interacted with ?
Ah , that brings us to Theory Omega !
Theory Omega was developed shortly after the internet was discovered , right ?
Indeed !
When we saw how normal peeps exposed to anonymity and an audience became TOTAL JERKWADS , scientists began to speculate what would happen if you gave someone anonymity , an audience , PLUS voluntary invisibility and FRIGGIN' FLIGHT POWERS .
The result ?
POLTERGEISTS .
Precisely .
In conclusion : your grandma was a peach in life , but in death she's smashing all your stuff up for the lulz , and we just have to accept that .
. . .
* sigh *
Bigfoot !
He's a hairy protohuman who lives in the woods and is bad at being well - composed , visually competent photos .
Or is he instead really just totally fake OH SNAP TWIST ! !
If Bigfoot is real , we can expect to find Bigfoot droppings in the woods .
However , as he is basically a human dude , these poos would be virtually indistinguishable from a human dude's poops !
And as nobody wants to touch a human dude's raw nasty poops , no actual research into this area has ever been done .
Or is ever likely to be done !
I know , right ?
Poop's so gross , can we all just agree on that right now ?
If Bigfoot's fake , how do you explain . . . THIS !
. . . Explain what ?
My empty hands .
As you can see by their positioning , I was about to bite into a large watermelon but Bigfoot stole it , leaving them sadly empty .
Pfft .
Come on !
If that were true , why'd he stop there ?
Why wouldn't he steal the two churros per hand that I'VE been carrying around with me all da -
OH CRAP BIGFOOT IS REAL
AND HE HAS NO CONCEPT OF PERSONAL PROPERTY TOO , THAT'S WEAK
Tired of all the things you usually eat ? Maybe it's time for
ETHNIC FOOD ? ?
For example , Swedish Berries ! They're a candy and " Swedish " is right in their name ! Or , if you want to take your taste buds on a journey to the land of Sour Patch , try consuming their pre - packaged childre -
I don't know if these really count as ethnic food .
Oh , I get it . You want VEGETABLES .
Well , there are tons of vegetables you maybe haven't eaten yet !
NO ! T - Rex , stop ! YOU'LL TRIGGER THE ELDRITCH CURSE ! !
Try Chinese eggplant , Hawaiian eggplant , Indian eggplant , Filipino eggplant , Holland eggplant , American eggplant , Japanese eggplant , Thai eggplant , Italian eggplant and if you'd rather be the ball than the boot , Sicilian eggplant . Not to mention Cambodian green giant eggplant , Loa lavender eggplant ,
No
Lebanese brunching eggplant , Ukrainian beauty eggplant , green goddess eggplant , pea eggplant , white eggplant , Rosa Bianca eggplant , green apple eggplant , graffiti eggplant , Zoa eggplant , black egg eggplant , little fingers eggplant , little green eggplant , Zahara eggplant , Turkish orange eggplant , long wh
T - REX IS HELPING A FRIEND MOVE .
Ah , friends ! Sometimes they're a lot of fun !
SOMETIMES THEY'RE SUBOPTIMAL USES OF YOUR TIME .
I understand that many hands make light work . But what about the opportunity cost to me ? I am an EDUCATED GENTLEMAN who could otherwise be out making the world a better place ! But instead , what am I doing ?
Making a friend's world a better place AND showing them that you care ?
Lifting heavy boxes from a stupid room to a stupid truck , yes ! !
T - Rex , you need to be quiet now !
But I got opinions !
Okay , let me put it pragmatically : the time you spent helping your friend is a sunk cost , but you've received a strengthened friendship for it , and if your friend hears you complaining that benefit will be undone .
Of course ! Thanks , Utahraptor . And thank YOU , pragmatism ! !
Perfect . So ! Can you help ME move next week ?
WELL I HATE MOVING , BUT I'D PROBABLY ALSO HATE DYING ALONE WITHOUT A FRIEND IN THE WORLD
SO YEAH , MOVING SOUNDS REAL FUN , COUNT ME IN
YAAAAAAY
Hamlet is a pretty good play to read , except they never tell you how hot the characters are . It doesn't even say if the characters used to be not hot , but then at least they got hot later on ! !
And this is a problem shared across all kinds of fiction !
Often you'll read ACTUAL BOOKS and someone's character description will say they have brown eyes or whatever , but are they smokin' hot ? How banging is their bod ? Is it pretty banging ? ?
You don't care about the non - hotties ?
No , I care about them ! But we're in the land of fiction and these people are fake : why not make them major hotties while we're at it ? It doesn't COST anything .
" Hamlet was a major hottie . His dad , King Hamlet : also a babe . "
Whoah , now I'm interested ! !
Honestly , doesn't that sound like a better book ? You get all the drama of Hamlet , PLUS now it's more fun to read ! Authors make me imagine what THEY want , and all I'm asking in return is that everyone in the story WITHOUT EXCEPTION be rockin' tight bods .
You should write a book then . I wish you luck .
" Steve was seven hot feet tall . His chest was whatever way you like a dude's chest to be , only MORE so . Suddenly he was murdering another beefy dude . OMG these dudes . "
Um , once i sell this book ALL MY PROBLEMS ARE OVER FOREVER
It occurs to me that my proposal that everyone be super hot in fiction is a bit shallow .
They should all be super geniuses too !
That way we get to read about babes with brains , AND their problems would all get solved way easier . Oh no , aliens are attacking the planet ! Luckily , our brightest and hottest have already invented a way to save everyone . Hooray ! Hot Earth is saved ! !
But there's no conflict if everything is solved right away by flexing brainacs in swimsuits .
Perhaps ! But what if I said . . . THE ALIENS GOT HOT TOO ? ?
Whoah !
I know , right ? Now we've got TWO planetsworth of flawlessly sexy cheese AND / OR beefcake fighting extremely intelligently for SURVIVAL ITSELF . Tell me it's not a bestseller right there .
Honestly , smartness aside , this just sounds like a movie . Everyone's hot in movies , but not every movie is hot .
OMG
It's a paradox of our time
Last Night I was stranded hours away from home . Things were looking pretty grim for Team T - Rex until I got a ride !
Thank you , America ! !
Yes , thank you Jane America , the plausibly - named woman who gave me that ride !
I just want to say this to America and her whole family of Americans : thanks for doing what I wanted yesterday . Jane America has a lot of influence , and it's great to know that when it counts , the Americans are on the side of What I Preferred , Thanks .
Has this Jane America you speak of done otherwise before ?
America , she . . . may be involved in several international conflicts , okay ?
Wait - SEVERAL of them ?
Listen , America's great ! And I say this as a non - American !
Jane America may have messed up in the past but yesterday , WHEN IT COUNTED , she did not . And sure , America may have put more of her fellow citizens in jail than any other industrialized -
T - Rex , if you want this thank - you to be good , you need to stop talking now .
Dear Americans ! You just love putting high fructose corn syrup in everything , but that's okay because I just love YOU
LET'S ALL LEARN ABOUT THE OCEAN
Ah yes , the ocean . The comparatively - viscous sky of the sea !
It's where we keep all most of our salty liquids !
Grab a map and what do you see ? OCEANS . But surprise , the map is lying because it says " there's definitely an Atlantic Ocean and a Pacific Ocean , honest " when HELLO , it's all the same water ! All the oceans are LITERALLY TOUCHING .
There's no wall or anything .
It just , like - water ?
I was promised ocean facts !
FINE
Did you know ocean covers 71 % of the planet ? That really boring , but it's also true !
You've got to SELL it , T - Rex ! Ocean doesn't cover 71 % of the planet . 71 % of our planet's fround hates us SO MUCH that an unprotected visit to it means INSTANT and UNESCAPABLE DEATH .
Well , I mean , it might take a few minutes to drown .
I was referring to the water pressure crushing you into a tiny sphere .
Hah hah , sweet !
I forgot about that ! !
I'm not anti - love or anti - expressions - 'o - love ! I just think it's time we , as a culture , admit that being single can be totally rad too . Lot's of People do it my choice !
You know what these people say ?
Sorry suckers , but y'all are duds ! "
? t's not gonna take two people to eat this sandwich I bought for myself . I got this . " - that's what they'll say .
I have decided not to entangle my own emotional well - being and stability with someone else . "
" Exactly ! Also , if you only have sex with yourself there's zero risk of pregnancy or SIs . Am I seriously the only one who realizes this ? ?
Sex with a partner can be pretty neat though !
Pfft !
Dude , sex by yourself can be pretty neat too ! You know that saying about how if you want to become truly great at something , you just need to practice EVERY DAY ? ? Well WALK IT OFF , BABIES , becaise I found out what happens if you practice EVERY HOUR ! !
. . . Yes ?
YOU , UM , GET BORED
ASK PROFESSOR SCIENCE
Our first question comes from Mel , who , like all of us , is a talking collection of meat and guts ! Hi , Mel !
" Quick , Professor ! ! " Mel begins . So far so good !
" If you really need to pee , but there's no washroom so you pee into your mouth instead , how much time does that buy you ? ? " Mel asks , before adding a patently transparent " asking for a friend "
. . . Wow . wow .
I know , right ? THIS CHANGES EVERYTHING .
We can use some internal organs as emergency backups for other internal organs !
You're joking , right ?
It's brilliant , Utahraptor . Mouths as buffers for our backup bladders , or " stomachs " , pressed into service during crises ! Bodies are amazing . They're amazing !
Yeah , to get away with it , all you need to be able to do is flawlessly urinate into your own mouth . Good luck with that !
SEVERAL HOURS LATER :
Dear auto diary !
It has been a frustrating , moist day
I am writing a spy story ! It involves a secret agent who likes getting martinis , girls , guns , AND the opportunity to say his own name partially , and then , a second later , more completely !
T - REX THIS SOUNDS FAMILIAR
Nuh - uh !
That other fella may have a half - century of popularity behind him , but MY spy only meets women with plausible names ! For example he gets involved with a lady named " Norway Atlantic " instead of " Lady I . Amasexhaver " .
" Norway Atlantic " isn't that plausible a name .
Look , if you have a better way to name characters than by looking at a map , I'd LOVE to hear it .
So what's your spy's name ?
" Angola Maldives " . He's so cool !
And believe me , he's involved with some very sexy women ! It's always the same : at first they're friends , but he wants more . She sense this and tries to let him down easy , but he's so into the diea of her that he's certain her hints actually show interest . Anyway he gets weird and passive aggressive and it screws up the friendship .
Wow , that's super hot .
I KNOW
Angola Maldives was on another mission . A bad guy intends to blow up the sun !
However , his plan to do so was not credible , so Angola is on vacation ! !
While on vacation , Angola meets the sexy , monokini - clad Hong Kong China , who DESPITE HER NAME , is not a character created by a super racist ! It's just what her parents named her while they too looked at a map . ( It was a map of China , and surrounding environs . )
T - Rex , have you considered taking a creative writing course ?
I've considered teaching one , if that's what you mean !
So does the sun blow up ?
Come on ! Of course not .
The technology to do that doesn't exist . It's a ridiculous plan , it shouldn't've been taken seriously , and the fact that the mission even got as far as dispatching Angola is an embarrassment . Angola says as much on the first page , while speaking directly to the reader !
Fascinating .
I know !
Later , HKC and Angola make out : she's kinky and Angola doesn't know how to deal with that , so he slut - shames her . She leaves and instead has lots of fun sex with a bunch of author stand - in characters !
* sigh *
Listen , never write when you're horny
In dystopian science fiction , we often find ourselves in a world where robots have taken over , and we are left doing a menial task that the machines either can't or don't care to do . This experience is now available in board game form !
SNAKES AND LADDERS AS SHE IS PLAYED
In Snakes and Ladders , robots have replaced us , only we built the robots in ladder form ( to help us get higher ! ) and in giant snake form ( for when we wanted to slide down giant robot snakes ! ) . Though it certainly seemed awesome at the time , it turns out this was folly , as taken over , demanding that we ride them endlessly . We are left with only one task : rolling dice for them !
How do you play ?
You don't !
You roll the dice , and then the game plays itself . The players have no influence on how the game goes ; in every meaningful sense you are redundant . Is it a metaphor for the futility of dreams ? All we know for sureis if you've ever wanted to roll the dice and do nothing else , then this is the game for you .
ALTHOUGH ! It's not bad if you're six
What o'clock is it ? Oh my goodness , would you look at that .
It's Stunt Autobiography O'Clock !
I need to do something for a year and then write about it . Maybe I'll only purchase items I see advertised on television ! Ooh , or maybe I'll treat my friends as if I rank my friends alphabetically , instead of by how rockin' they are !
What if you only ate white - coloured things ?
Dude , that would exclude all chocolates !
Not white chocolates .
That would exclude all but the most cruel parodies of chocolates ! !
Let's not rush into this !
Maybe you should , I don't know , figure out what you want to say about society before you decide on the stunt ?
" I did a thing and wrote it down ! . . . Pay me money now please ? "
Keep trying ! This is a chance to change society by changing yourself ! !
" Sometimes I just get real sleepy is the thing "
JUDGING WOMEN BY THE USE OF THEIR NAME IN SONGS
SUSANNA
Susannas cry a lot , but not if you happen to arrive from Alabama with a banjo on your knee !
NOBODY KNOWS WHY
JUDE
For some reason , she's in charge of making it bad ! We ask that she not make it bad , but she ignores us entirely . " Hey , Jude , " we say , poking . " Hey Jude . Hey Jude : naaaaaaah nah nah NAH NAH NAAAAH NAH . "
She continues to ignore us .
Quite reasonably , actually !
ROSEMARY
Love grows were she goes !
It's very . . . biological .
MAGGIE MAY
Apparently , Maggie had a lot of bed - wrecking sex with a younger man . But then you got old , Maggie !
Maggie , THIS IS INEXCUSABLE .
THIS CANNOT BE FORGIVEN , MAGGIE .
RAINY DAY WOMEN
Ms . Daywomen , I cannot accept you incredibly unlikely name !
Also , I'm sorry , but this song is about doing drugs which is NOT appropriate .
What'd SHAKESPEARE do that he gets to be canonized as History's Greatest Author As Long As You Speak English ? I wrote some plays too !
Plus , MY plays aren't obsessed with incest nearly as much !
Well , I think the critical consensus is that Shakespeare illuminates our shared condition , while also writing in such beautiful prose as to be transcendental !
Okay .
Whatever .
I can do that .
Let's hear it , dude !
" Shall I compare the to a summer's day ? "
" It is a difficult challenge to compare a diurnal cycle to the only English definite article , but : like a summer's day , " the " has three main sections : beginning ( the letter 't' , or " morning " ) , middle ( the letter 'h' , or " lunchti -
T - Rex !
I -
I used to like creative writing
MEANWHILE , IN TUDOR ENGLAND :
Shakespeare ! Can you teach me to write like you ?
i dunno t - rex can you teach me to write like YOUR MOM ? ?
Shakespeare !
. . . Um , probably ? ?
Hello , and thank you for downloading an internet ! Perhaps you would like to look at pictures of cats ?
> yes
Here it is !
> that is a picture of a dinosaur
Dinosaurs lived in the past , so they evolved into cats . Do you agree that evolution worked that way ?
> no
Here are two cats . Do you want to purchase this jpg of two cats for $ 100 ? I will type 'yes' for you .
> yes
> i didnt type in yes ! ! it already had it typed in ! ! !
I'm sorry , I don't understand you . Do you want this other jpg of two cats ? Press any key if correct .
>
Also , press no keys if correct . Thank you for your purchase !
> sometimes the internet makes me sad
Congratulations ! You've expressed the one sentiment everyone on the internet eventually shares !
As a reward , here is another friggin' jpg of a cat ! !
TYPES OF CARS
a reference comic
Alright , let's get the easy ones out of the way first !
" Regular " cars are the ones you see all the time !
After that are the sports cars , which are the cool ones that look like toys , and truck cars , which , clearly , are the ones that look like trucks . And you may be asking , " Sup ! Listen , how come all cars don't look like toys ? Why can't we all drive awesome - looking cars ? " and I will give you your answer :
CONSPIRACIES .
A conspiracy theory ?
A conspiracy FACT .
FACT : we know how to build sweet - looking cars . FACT : only a few cars are made sweet - looking , even though we could just slap a rad body on top of a boring ol' chassis and call it a day . FACT : I am correct .
Well , you could similarly ask why we don't all wear fancy clothes all the time .
Indeed you could , and THE ANSWER IS : I find fancy dress uncomfortable , so that's why I freeball it constantly .
You heard me ! !
Yes indeed , the balls of my feet are free AND unrestricted
Alright everyone ! We've had a good run , but it's time to face facts :
This planet isn't going to be around forever !
The sun will become a red giant in 7 . 655 billion years ! And at that point , WE ARE POOCHED . We are all TOTALLY DEAD AND BURNT INTO A CRISP . It's game over for team " let's exist and be alive on Earth " !
Who could've ever predicted that this would be what we'd get for living next to a SUN - SIZED THERMONUCLEAR REACTOR ? ?
Seems like we've got some time though !
Sure !
But we've also got a DEADLINE . And even if we somehow escape this doomed planet Earth , the universe itself will eventually cool so much that life won't be possible . Look , all I'm saying is that if you've been putting something off , maybe today's the day ? We're gonna run out of tomorrows eventually .
THUS CONCLUDES THE STORY OF HOW T - REX ENDED UP CLEANING HIS TOILET ON A FRIDAY NIGHT
Logic !
It hurts me sometimes !
Alright everyone ! We've had a good run , but it's time to face facts :
This planet is definitely going to be around forever !
Since it's the center of the universe , it can't help but be eternal . And we also have our cultural milieu , which informs us that the world we live in is eternal and unchanging . Sure , there's suffering , but we can work towards changing that . We've got time !
It will be the SINGLE GREATEST PROJECT we , as a people , ever undertake !
What if the sun runs out of fuel ?
You might sooner ask what if the sky runs out of air !
What if the ocean runs out of water ? What if the ground runs out of dirt ? They're silly questions to ask about an eternal , unchanging Earth !
Okay
Phew
LATER , THE SUN EXPLODES :
Attention everyone : I want the last words you hear to be an observation about how impressively long - lived I am !
WAIT ! !
ALSO , HANDSOME
HOW TO PICK UP CHICKS
Come on , people . COME ON . How is this a problem ?
They are baby chickens , trusting and soft . It's not a challenge !
OKAY : HOW TO MEET WOMEN
Meeting a woman is about getting to know her , and what better way to " meet " a woman than to know her very thoughts ? ? yes , the easiest way to truly meet women is to pick up a book and learn all about her , including what her motivations and plot points are . What are you waiting for ? Millions of single women are waiting to meet you tonight ! !
HOW TO PICK UP WOMEN
You'll love to " pick up " women when you're picking up a book with female characters inside !
And how !
LISTEN I WANT TO KNOW HOW TO START A RELATIONSHIP WITH AN ACTUAL WOMAN
Easy ! Just patronize businesses . For example , I myself have a nodding relationship with a cashier at the grocery store , and many bus drivers are women .
A driver patron relationship is a very practical one .
PLEASE TELL ME HOW TO GET ROMANTICALLY INVOLVED WITH AN ALIVE PHYSICAL WOMAN
The fact that you call her " an alive physical woman " says you have tons of unresolved issues ; I suggest you work those out first .
Alright !
Question period is over ! !
I'm creating the ULTIMATE MUSICAL MIX . It will take you on an emotional thrill ride !
AND WE'RE STOPPING AT EVERY STATION .
So , it's more of an emotional commuter train , I guess ? ANYWAY , we're making a lot of stops . Hope you're not expecting to get anywhere quickly !
Sounds like a real thrill ride !
But the stations are EMOTIONS , like " nostalgia " , " regret " , and " that sad sad feeling that i'm not dealing / with well " ! In music form !
So you've got a set of songs that will make us feel every possible emotion ?
I BELIEVE SO .
And it's intense . Songs are prose and music mashed up together , and people weep at poetry , right ? I think that's a thing . Anyway , it's poetry set to MUSIC .
Dude , I know what songs are .
I'm putting them in SERIES .
Dude , I know what a DJ is .
No , my name is T - Rex .
Santa has a herd of flying reindeer . He uses them to achieve a heavier - than - air circumnavigation of the planet once a year !
In retrospect , this raises a ton of questions !
Are the reindeer born with flight powers , and if so , how do you train baby animals that can FLY and have heads mounted with DEADLY ANTLERS ? Is this truly reindeer - based organic flight , and if so , can the same genes be spliced in to allow us to run , lean back , and sprint across the sky ?
Why are the heavens being denied to us , Santa ?
Maybe it's done by magic !
That only raises more questions ! !
Magic being real is kind of a big deal , dude ! Magic isn't bound by physical law . Magic gets us flying reindeer , but ALSO gets us bowls of water that never empty , which you might also recognize as INFINITE SOURCES OF ENERGY ? ? Look , all I'm saying is I want in .
Write him a letter !
LATER :
Santa wrote me back ! !
What'd he say ?
blah blah cultural contamination , blah blah planet not ready for the power , blah blah and then there's a free gift card for the mall !
. . . NICE !
CASE FILE # 4523 FROSTY THE SNOW MAN
Thank you all for coming : I remind you this meeting is Classified . We begin with an old silk hat , a corncob pipe , a button nose , and two eyes made out of coal .
We end with an unpredictable snow golem disrespecting all authority , police or otherwise !
The " Frosty " artifact also performed dance which encouraged delinquency in children , whether through supernatural means or otherwise . While our Agents were unable to apprehend " Frosty " during that chaotic hour after his apparently - accidental creation , we have tracked him since his disappearance sixty - two years ago .
Our latest intelligence suggests the creature is hiding near the polar regions , as he has revealed a weakness to solar radiation .
Recovering his " old silk hat " is paramount .
By now , it's likely carried within his body's core !
Both disappeared over the hills of snow and have not been seen since . Past these hills the footprints grew larger , apparently gathering snow with each step . Before their end at some mountain foothills , they were over 3m wide , 5m long , and suggested the development of claws .
If seen , " Frosty " is to be contained but not approached .
The silk hat , if placed in oceanic contact , will likely produce a chaotic planet - wide intelligence of at least Level 12 . We believe " Frosty " doesn't realize this yet . Remember : DO NOT WEAR THE HAT UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES .
Okay , dismissed ! And may God have mercy on us all !
CASE FILE # 5219
RUDOLPH THE RED - NOSED REINDEER
Thank you all for coming : I remind you this meeting is classified . " Rudolph " is an English - speaking reindeer who can fly .
Obviously if these were his only traits he'd be filed under Case # 4739 with the others !
But he's distinguished by his strange nose , which emits radiation through an unknown but presumed organic process . A fraction of this radiation exists at the high end of the visible spectrum , and as such , his " red nose " has been used by Case # 1023 as a guide - always on foggy Christmas Eves .
And yet , as all motorists know , using a bright light in fog actually reduces visibility . What's going on here ?
The answer is simple : this light exists outside public radiological models .
Please , Dr . Utahraptor , proceed !
Long - range readings suggest this light somehow destroys H2O molecules on contact , absorbing nucleonic energy as fuel for further charged - photonic output . As we're each over 50 % water , any direct exposure to " Rudolph " is to be avoided .
His utility in fog now becomes evident . There's just one more thing !
His belief he'll " go down in history " , combined with his powerful nose , makes him one of the most unpredictable and dangerous entities above the 60th patallel . Agents : if and when he does decide to go down in history , we must ensure he's on the right side of it .
Dismissed !
CASE FILE # 4253 UPDATE
FROSTY THE SNOW MAN
Thank you all for coming : I remind you this meeting is classified . Until yesterday , we believed " Frosty " was hiding somewhere in the north . We were wrong .
" Frosty " ( Case # 4253 ! ) has BECOME the north .
All contiguous polar ground snow now either is a part of " Frosty " 's body or falls under his control : the distinction is no longer relevant . The presence of Agent 95 on the Barneo ice floe appears to have awakened the creature , as snow is extracting itself from the permafrost and collecting near the North Pole . We believe we're witnessing the creation of a new , colossal , Snow Man .
This is the true cause of the seismic events reported in the media .
Conventional weapons have had no effect : the snow melts , freezes , and begins to collect itself again .
Indeed !
Our last hope is a reindeer whose red nasal radiation destroys water molecules and whose linguistic aptitudes mean he can be convinced to work for us . " Rudolph " has been released from lead - lined containment and is flying towards the pole now .
By the time he arrives we estimate " Frosty " will be visible from space .
Agents : we're sending a single vegetarian prey animal against three continents' worth of angry snow . And if he fails , the " thumpety thump thump " of " Frosty " 's arrival may be the last thing any of us hear .
Your final letters to your families have been readied for transmission . Dismissed !
CASE FILE # 1024 / THE SLED
Thank you all for coming : I remind you this meeting is classified . This briefing is about a superficially ordinary cargo sled under the control of case # 1023 , usually used on Christmas Eve .
This sled allows access to millions of complicit families , all within a single 24 - hour period !
While the reasons for these visits remain classified - thankfully obscured by constructed myth - the method used for them can be shared with you today : Agents , this sled allows for selective logical addition of quantum realities . Put simply : elements of alternate timelines can be merged into our own .
If you choose 100 randomly - selected houses to deliver presents to -
- then there's an alternate reality where 100 different houses were chosen !
Precisely . Doctor ?
Subject interfaced with the Sled can selectively collapse those realities into ours , which results in a final timeline in which every good little girl and boy gets a present .
When " Rudolph " went against " Frosty " this afternoon , he failed . But we were able to use the Sled . And now , he was successful .
But overwriting the trillions of timelines in which we failed with our only victory led to some side - effects , including 175 , 250 , 000 alternative " Rudolph " corpses that materialized in a fused - together mound near the North Pole .
Cleanup duty begins at 0800 . Dismissed !
There's an average life expectancy for people born when and where you were ! Look it up and you'll know how long the Average You will live !
GOOD THING I'M NOT AVERAGE , baby ! !
Pfft . Death's old hat , T - Rex ! Birth is where it's at .
MAN , I already know I got born . I even have the date !
But there's also an average period between fertilization and birth / hatching , and people will readily discuss how much a baby is " early " or " late " in regards to this average ! So do you want to know . . . THE EXACT DAY YOU WERE CONCEIVED ? ?
Oh my gosh ! ! I could calculate this , right ?
Trivially !
But be warned : once you know the exact day your parents boinked you into existence , there's no going back . You'll notice the anniversary every year and you'll wonder if you should be celebrating it . Is a gift for your parents appropriate ?
Perhaps quiet contemplation is the correct response ?
LATER :
Hey mom , I made you some cookies !
Awww , sweetie ! Thank you ! But what are they for ?
MOM
I DON'T WANT TO TALK ABOUT IT
A pet is a good thing to get if you want something cute that is entirely dependent on you for its very survivOH GOD WHAT HAVE I DONE
AN ALIVE THING DEPENDS ON ME AND IF I SUCK IT DIES ! !
Dude , calm down ! You can handle this : it's just a dog ! Some people have CHILDREN , and they're way more dependent than pets are .
AAAAAHHHHH
I AM FREAKING OUT A LITTLE HERE , NOT GOING TO LIE
You're afraid of the responsibility ?
I'm not afraid ! ! I'm INFORMED !
I've nearly killed MYSELF with my own stupidity tons of times , let alone someone else ! I once ate broken glass because it was at the bottom of a half - eaten bag of chips ! As I ate them I thought " gosh these chips are real crunchy " .
W - What ?
I told you this ! My roommate broke a Christmas ornament and swept it up into a mostly - empty bag of chips , then I got home late n' hungry ! !
YES AND I DID NOT SURVIVE MY ORDEAL TO BE JUDGED BY THOSE WITH BETTER DECISION - MAKING SKILLS
I like movies where there's some magic and then the next morning two people wake up inside each other's bodies !
GROSS !
OH OKAY COOL
But what I don't like is when they get out of bed and look in a mirror and only THEN do they realize something's wrong . It's ridiculous !
You're intimately familiar with the size and shape of your own body : you're not going to not notice when it changes . I doubt you'd even be able to get out of bed without falling down , your feet hitting the ground in unexpected ways .
Your center of gravity would be all messed up too !
Exactly !
It takes us MONTHS to learn how to walk , and that's just for one body ! Change all the variables at once and there's no way . Heck , if breathing wasn't automatic I'd expect we'd all suffocate to death as soon as we switched !
These certainly are valid objections to a magical event that has never occurred .
I know , right ? To be fair , I do like it when they all gain a new understanding of each other at the end . Just show me several hours of them flopping around on the floor like a fish first .
SCIENCE DEMANDS IT , DISNEY / TIME - WARNER
Your name is " Sexy Tom " ! You wanna be known for more than just your sexiness . If that's not your name , turn to panel 2 !
Well , what's your name then ? If it's " Grand Theft Zoosmell " then my friend , panel 3 is the panel for you !
Really ? That's your name ? You know what : I don't think you're taking this adventure seriously . This was a trap , and you walked right into it . You , Grand Theft Zoosmell , try to make some positive life changes but you died . THE END .
There's no sequels . You died
Your tombstone reads " S / HE DID NOT TAKE CHOOSE YOUR OWN ADVENTURES SERIOUSLY ; I KNOW , RIGHT ? "
I don't know why you're continuing here ! CORPSES DON'T CONSUME ENTERTAINMENT MATERIAL .
Except zombies !
Yes , except zombies , and THEN only if the books are printed on flesh , which I think limits us to the Necronomicon . Actually , isn't vellum animal skin ?
It was , but most vellum comes from cotton now .
If you believe Utahraptor then turn to panel 6 !
Yeah ! Yeah , I believe him too .
. . . This concludes our adventure , which I have retitled " Free Will Is An Illusion and Utahraptor Has Earned My Trust " !
Turn to panel 2 to hear more about Utahraptor ; stare at this panel for a while if you kinda don't want to .
He's basically a pretty good guy ! If you agree : panel 3
I knew you'd agree ! Listen , Utahraptor and I go way back . Dromiceiomimus , you're pretty great too !
Thanks ! " You're pretty great too " are those special words that every woman one day hopes to hear .
. . .
Are you serious because I'll say them more often if that's the case
I thought adventures were being chosen ?
Aw crap !
I'm no good at this , Utahraptor ; I'm in over my head . I make thousands of choices every day , big and small , but adventures happen so rarely . I should've called this " Make The Same Choices You Did Yesterday And See What Happens " .
Well , making positive life changes is hard !
Holy crap Utahraptor , that's a great title ! Listen : what is your position on plagiarism ?
Are you . . . definitely for it even when you're the victim ? ?
PLEASE SAY YES
Well , I'm perfectly content ! Hum de dum de dum .
OH CRAP WHAT IF THEY MAKE A NEW PHONE THAT'S BETTER THAN MY OLD PHONE ? !
In history times it wouldn't be unusual to use the exact same technology your grandfather or even great - grandfather did ! Now I buy phones knowing they'll be obsolete within two years TOPS , and entire classes of inventions are introduced and obselete [ sic ] in a single decade ! CAR PHONES , ANYONE ? ?
. . . They were phones that were built into your car .
Ohhhhhhh
I don't mean to complain about progress !
And yet , you are !
I'm not ! Here's some REAL TALK : I'm really complaining about myself . I hate that soon there'll be a new phone and I'll WANT it so much I'll despise the perfectly good phone I have now . That's not who I want to be . But I ALSO don't want to be stuck with a Zack Morris phone !
That reference is as old as your phone !
Utahraptor ! I know you're joking but if people are actually saying that , then know this : I WILL DIE A BROKEN MAN .
INTERNET ACRONYMS FOR PARENTS WHO JUST GOT ON THE INTERNET
a comic to print out and physically mail to your parents who just got on the internet !
Parents ! Congratulations on getting websites installed on your computer !
As you may have noticed , sometimes your teenage children will use downright unfamiliar acronyms when you watch them talking to their friends on sites like " Facebook " . But there's no mystery to them ! For example , " WTF " means " Where's the food ? " Your kids will say " WTF " at all sorts of times , because you know teens : always hungry ! !
But what about - " LOL " ?
That's the Land O' Lakes , a beautiful locaiton !
Teens like to remind each other of what they can achieve if they apply themselves , and a nice place to live is at the top of that list . That's why you'll see them say " LOL " all the time !
Ah . And " BRB " ?
" Busy Reading Books " .
Teens will say that before stepping away for a bit to read some classic literature ! Teens , man ! ! They make me want to ROFL too !
( " Reading on the floor : literature " ! )
HOW TO REVIEW A BOOK
First off , you need to read the book ! I know , reading is like watching a movie with the explosions turned off , but just power through !
Then you need to choose what you liked about the book !
Maybe you liked the characters . Maybe you thought the plot was neato ! Maybe your favourite part was some of the words that the author chose to say things with . Mention that in your review !
" I liked the words and the plot was neato skeet - o " .
ANOTHER A + + REVIEW ! !
" I read a book and formed opinions about that " .
HAVE THIS PULITZER PRIZE ! !
" I worry that the standards are too low here , Nd I'm not challenged to be the best person I can . I don't want to feel like I'm the smartest person in the roo . I wanna feel like I'm the dumbest " .
A + + + + + + WOULD CONSIDER MY OWN SELF - WORTH AGAIN ! !
Umm . . . " This book had Batman in it , but Batman is a stupid character for crybabies who poop " ?
A + + + GOOD REVIEW BUT ENDED OUR FRIENDSHIP FOREVER
Alternatively !
A + + + + BUT I WILL NOT BE MADE TO FEEL SHAME ABOUT MY BODILY PROCESSES , LOL
GREETINGS T - REX I HAVE THE FOLLOWING QUERY FOR YOU
WHICH IS THE BEST ENTERPRISE
Oh my gosh all my life I have been training for this question !
* ahem *
It all depends on what you mean by " best " !
Obviously the original Matt Jeffries Constitution - class starship is the most iconic , and the template from which all of Starfleet follows . And if we're talking firepower , then sure we can point to the Enterprise E , but the ship's overly - busy externals almost wholly lack the grace and art - deco stylings of its predecessor , the Galaxy - class Enterprise D .
But for my money , the best Enterprise is the NCC - 1701 - C ! Ask me why , Utahraptor .
Why ? !
I'm glad you asked ! ! It's like a clunky version of the perfect Enterprise D that would follow : imperfect , oddly proportioned , and just so - lovable ? Like , instead of curved nacelle pylons , it's got awkward right angles . It's Teen Enterprise .
Ah . Okay .
I MEANT WHICH IS THE BEST ENTERPRISE AS IN A THING THAT IS UNDERTAKEN SUCH AS FOR EXAMPLE PLAYING VIDEO GAMES OR ENGAGING IN TABLETOP GAMING
Oh . Um , tabletop ?
HAH HAH HAH
NICE
It's chilly outside ! Without a nice jacket , you might find it a little TOO easy to keep your . . . COOL ?
LOL . jpg
So funny I literally laughed . gif !
teeheehee - HIGH RES VERSION DO NOT DELETE . tiff !
goodOneFunnyJoke . version4 . updated . usethisoneALTERED . psd !
RE : FW : FW : FW : FW : Funny STUFF for your friday morning ! ! ! !
Me giggling - self shot in mirror - seventh try . bmp
DSC00035 . jpg !
A sound just came out of my body . wav
thatWasPrettyFunnyAndIEnjoyedHearingAboutIt - CAM - XviD - NOT A FAKE . torrent
God , you're omnipotent , right ? Which means you can do ANYTHING ?
SURE
I GUESS
Super !
Then I would like for you to create . . . A ROCK SO HEAVY THAT YOU COULD NEVER LIFT IT ! !
OKAY DONE
What ? You just did it ?
YES AND LET ME TELL YOU
THIS
MY FRIEND
IS ONE HEAVY ROCK
Man , that was SUPPOSED to illustrate the paradox of omnipotence !
Ah , yes !
If you can do anything , then you can do things that prevent yourself from doing other things , and therefore , you can't do anything .
Yeah , except I asked God to make a rock he couldn't lift , and he did !
Well , this could mean he's not omnipotent anymore !
NO MAN I CHANGED MYSELF SO I CAN LIFT IT AND NOW I'M SO RIPPED THAT WHEN I FLEX MY SHIRT TEARS OPEN
THE REAL QUESTION IS CAN I MAKE A SHIRT SO TOUGH THAT MY NEW MUSCLES WON'T TEAR IT
PRETTY SURE THE ANSWER IS NOPE
T - REX WHAT IS YOUR FAVOURITE PART OF THE MOVIE GROUNDHOG DAY
I -
I haven't seen it .
WHAT
I haven't seen it !
I'm sorry , okay ? It was ONE Bill Murray film that I didn't see amidst the Murray glut we were experiencing at the time . How was I to know that this friggin' movie would become the cultural name for " characters stuck in a variable but repeating time loop " and we'd still be talking about it decades later ?
Wait - you haven't seen Groundhog Day ?
AHHHH
I haven't seen it either , T - Rex !
Oh , thank goodness .
Why don't you come over ? We could watch it together .
Ooh , let's make it a double feature ! I haven't seen Indiana Jones either .
YOU HAVEN'T ! ?
FRIENDSHIP CANCELLED FOREVER
Yep ! I mean -
I kinda miss having friends , I GUESS
" That which we call a rose by any other name would obviously smell the same , but might be more cool to talk about " - William Shakespeare
BETTER NAMES FOR THINGS
Okay everyone ! Socks are now " feet mitts " . Hats are " head underwear " . Underwear is a " sex modesty hat " .
So a hat is a " head sex modesty hat " ?
NO , Dromiceiomimus . They are NON - NESTING .
On second thought , " head sex modesty hat " sounds real interesting so I'LL OFFICIALLY ALLOW THIS .
From now on T - Rex is " Namby Pam " .
What ? NO ! I'm barely namby ! !
Well YOU'RE now " Downloader Dan " .
I do like downloading things , such as website elements or perhaps a song .
You're not supposed to like it ! ! You're now " Sloppy Jalopy 3000 " .
Futurism ! Cool .
NO , OKAY , NOW YOU'RE " COOL BOD TODD "
Wait ! !
I want that one for MYSELF
Guys , I'm sick ! I've taken lots of sick medicine so nobody make out with me today , okay ?
Nobody is allowed to kiss my rad lips today , okay ?
Nobody is allowed to hold my talented hands or touch my blasted abs or gently run their fingers around my way ripped shoulders . You all will just have to WAIT .
Certainly your beefy elbows aren't off limits ! You know , the ones that are just COATED in layers of muscles on top of muscles ?
I'M AFRAID SO .
What about your bulging , constantly - flexing lips ?
Also off limits !
So too are my weird veiny eyeballs and my overly - defined muscley nostrils . Wanna see me flex my nostrils ?
Will I be allowed to touch the nostrils afterwards ?
Either way : obviously I want to see you flex them nostrils .
24 HOURS LATER :
I'm feeling better now , everyone !
So !
Did yesterday really happen or WHAT ?
I would like to date someone ! Someone female ! And also someone . . . perfect ? ?
THE PERFECT WOMAN
Okay so she's got sexy hot bones and kickin' lungs , OBVIOUSLY . But she's also got skills !
What sort of skills ?
Oh , gosh , so many ! She's great at science , makeouts , hijinks , heists . . . the works ! You know , all the basics they teach you in Perfect Woman Finishing School .
So , what does she do ?
whatever she wants ! She's good at everything !
IT's almost she's got - - godlike powers ? Because she does ! No , better : she IS a god , an elder god , and she dwells in space and she's a sinuous inky darkness , NO : a creeping madness ! And when she extrudes into our dimension she devours - -
T - Rex , you seem to have . . . lost the plot ?
UTAHRAPTOR , I am exploring my own sexual interests here , so um thanks for understanding ? ? Anyway now she's a polypous creature in a crown of weeping faces , gnashing teeth surrounding a single titanic eye at her core , all dressed in a barely - there red bikini .
SO HOTT
I would like to improve myself ! I would like to remove my flaws , assuming they somehow exist . In short , I would like to become . . .
THE PERFECT MAN
Obviously the perfect man is a towering colossus of sentient engines and steel , able to bench press entire cities while not forgetting the essential truths of being alive .
Why stop at cities ? What if there was a man who could bench press . . . entire PLANETS ?
Oh crap , wow , I did NOT imagine big enough ! !
Okay , the perfect man is now made of titanium and ultrasteel and can bench press PLANETS .
What about . . . galaxies ? ?
Dude I can see what you're doing here , but the problem with galaxies is that they're mostly empty space . You can't blast your pecs with one because you couldn't actually hold it .
Sounds like an excuse a non - perfect man would make !
DARN IT , YOU'RE RIGHT !
SOON :
What's your new year's resolution , T - Rex ?
To be made of adamantium and diamonds and then to bench press the entire universe .
Oh , I was just gonna lose , like -
20 pounds ?
We've got the perfect woman , and the perfect man , but you know what we're missing ?
THE PERFECT DOG
And this one is easy because we all know the perfect dog comes when called , is adorable , likes to snuggle and never poops .
Where does the poop - go ?
Oh ! The perfect dog features a stomach that can transform any food into energy at 100 % efficiency !
What if it eats , like , garbage and dirt ?
It still gets processed , dude !
Ah . So the perfect dog is effectively a perfect organic cold fusion reactor , transforming any matter into caloric energy without waste . I'm afraid the government has taken your dog , T - Rex ! Its power is simply too great to leave in civilian hands .
Nooooooo !
THE PERFECT CAT
Noooooooooo WHO CARES
Some words are shorthand for longer words or phrases that we no longer use .
For example , " factory " is short for " manufactory " !
Incredible , no ? And when we say " pecs " , we're actually saying the short form of " pectoral muscles " !
What ? I thought they were called " pecs " because it stands for " Pretty Erotic Chest Section " ! !
My mind's being blown over here !
Well prop it up , 'cause it's gonna be blown even harder !
" Adult " is short for " adult baby " , but the long form is rarely used because it makes everyone sound dumb . " In a democracy , adult babies elect a set of adult babies to lead them , usually represented by the head of state : a single adult baby . "
THIS IS WHAT WE SOUND LIKE TO OTHER ADULT BABIES ! !
THIS COMIC WAS WRITTEN BY AN ADULT BABY FOR AN ADULT BABY AUDIENCE . IT IS NOT APPROPRIATE FOR ALL BABIES , INCLUDING PROTOADULT BABIES AND SOME TWEEN BABIES .
THE END
FACT : Every mosquito you ever killed is now a ghost , trying to bite you at all times ! And the same goes for spiders !
And roaches . Look , dude , you're just covered in bugs 24 / 7 !
Even when you go swimming they cling to your flesh , hungering and furious . And it's not just bugs ! Those birds that flew into your window still haunt you , trying to peck out your eyes with beaks that , LUCKILY FOR YOU , now pass through physical matter . And that's not even considering our dead cave - ancestors : agitated , frustrated , and confused !
You sure know how to make me uncomfortable in my own skin !
The same skin these ghosts now crave !
And you're lucky ghosts haven't yet figured out how to become real , because if and when they do every living thing will instantly collapse into a puffy pile of red gore as literally trillions of dead but still pissed off animal life pile on top of us .
Then what happens ?
Um , all is quiet on a dead planet and we wait for life to evolve again ? IN CONCLUSION , I rate this world - ending threat above " asteroid impact " but below " the dreamer finally awakens and says 'whoah what a crazy yet massively detailed dream' " .
( I call her " Lady Sleepypants " ) !
People say ghosts can't kill each other ! But what if . . . ghosts CAN kill each other ?
* gasp *
If ghosts can kill ghosts , then the dead ghosts would come back . . . as ghosts !
And Gladwell will tell you the more time you spend working on something the better you get at it : this means that older ghosts that kill ghosts would get really great at killing ghosts ! They'd - they'd LEVEL UP .
But the new ghosts could level too !
Right ! It'd be a MURDER BONANZA in the afterlife with everyone trying to become the most experienced ghost , if only to protect themselves ! !
But if they're spending eternity grinding XP , is there a level cap ?
WHO KNOWS ? ?
These are deep religious questions , my friend . QUESTION A : is there an afterlife ? QUESTION B : If so , is there a level cap on XP ?
Has any religious scholar asked this question before ?
We're deep in uncharted theological territory here , Utahraptor ! !
We need to track down a pope and say we have a religious question , but can only conceptualize it in terms of murder and video games !
Hello T - Rex
Hello
That is like exactly my skill set over here how are you not including me in this
" We will fight them on the beaches " - Winston Churchill
We will fight them on the beaches , Winston Churchill ! ! !
Get your head in the game , Winston !
People willing to trade their freedom for temporary security deserve neither and will lost both , Benjamin Franklin ! Geez Benny , you should know this by now .
Be the change you want to be in the world , Mahatma Gandhi ! BE IT ALREADY , DUDE !
Gandhi are you even paying attention to what we're saying ? ?
Don't cry because it's over : smile because it happened , Dr . Seuss !
Aww !
The man who does not read has no advantage over the man who cannot read , Mark Twain ! Come on . I thought we were on the same page here buddy .
That which does not kill us makes us stronger , Freidrich Nietzsche ! Write that down . Put that in your little book .
T - Rex sometimes you misunderstand things and it's better than comprehension ever could've been .
Hah ! . . . What ?
TODAY WE ARE MAKING A FOOD
Hello and welcome to Today We Are Making A Food ! Today's food is " Meat Lasagna " . To start , you'll need four haploid female reproductive gametes !
These can be easily harvested from sexually - mature landfowl !
You will also need 1 cup of an organic , warm white fluid produced by and extracted from the mammary glands of a cow . This can be heated to reduce the number of viable pathogens contained within , and chilled to delay decay and decomposition . Also acquire 3 tablespoons of water - in - oil emulsion of damaged phospholipid membranes and milk fat globules .
This colloid may be sold in your supermarket as " butter " !
You'll also need 1 . 5 pounds of interior cattle flesh , ground into a uniform mash !
Delicious !
Finally , procure some unleavened paste made by melding water with the edible portions of grasses , rolled flat and cut into sheets . Boil the sheets , brown the flesh , mix the gametes with the animal mammary juice , place in layers , and cook at 449 . 817 Kelvin for 5400 seconds !
This will serve 6 - 8 alive humans , most of whom will readily consume this product so long as you don't ever show them this recipe !
LET'S MAKE ANOTHER FOOD
Hello and welcome to Let's Make Another Food ! Today we'll be making " apple pie from scratch " .
If you wish to make an apple pie from scratch , you must first invent the universe !
Carl Saga said it , and we respect a man who has such a deep , fundamentalist understanding of " from scratch " ! So we'll be devoting our time to studying protouniversal dynamics in the hopes of creating a small , stable , personal universe in which apple trees might eventually be induced to grow .
Harvesting will be left as an exercise to the reader
Okay , so we start with a superheated and dense force - unified space -
- where'd it come from ? Who made it ? ?
Dude , who cares ? We're not investigating our own origins here . WE'RE JUST MAKING DESSERT . All we need is a complete understanding of the universe as it was between time zero and 10 ^ - 43 seconds later and we're set !
So dessert is delayed ?
DESSERT COMES WHEN I GAIN ACCESS TO A PARTICLE ACCELERATOR .

THANK YOU FOR COMING OVER FOR DINNER , HERE ARE REHEATABLE PIES FROM MCDONALD'S FOR DESSERT
YES , THEY ARE NOT WHAT I PROMISED YOU
YES , I ABSOLUTELY DO NOT WANT TO TALK ABOUT IT
MAYBE WE CAN INVENT A FOOD
Why READ someone else's old recipe when you could ve WRITING your own new one ? ?
Let's answer that question with terrible , hard - earned experience !
So first we should decude what kind of food we want to eat , basing it on previous foods we've enjoyed . For example , I like to eat ice cream and meat .
Maybe some meat - themed frozen confection ?
That sounds like meat - themed frozen perfection !
Okay , good
First , get five pounds of ground beef !
Then get five pounds of ice cream !
Fold the raw meat into the ice cream , and brown in a giant frying pan . The ice cream will melt , sugars will burn , and grease will float on top of it all . Will this taste good ? WHO KNOWS ? ?
All I know is that you can't make an omelet without breaking a few eggs !
That reminds me , throw some eggs into this ! Then add salt to taste , and add more eggs to taste too . Serve in a bathtub and garnish with fifty dollar bills !
Serves one ( 1 ) person who you are fine if they don't come over any more !
IT'S MONDAY ! LET'S TALK ABOUT OUR PROBLEMS
Yaaaaay ! !
My problem is that I have too many problems ! !
Some of these problems include : my problems being too difficult to solve , my problems being annoying and making me want to ignore them forever , and my problems never going away and makinging me think life is just a stream of problems as deep and as endless as the ocean herself ? ?
All you problems are problems ABOUT problems , dude !
That itself : one of my problems ! !
Metaproblems ?
I never metaproblem I didn't have !
I can never solve my ACTUAL problems because I'm always dealing with problems caused by my problems , or problems caused by my problem's problems .
Would you say you've got . . . 99 problems ?
Utahraptor this is no time for rap references ! !
LATER , T - REX NOTICES HIS ORANGE JUICE IS SHIPPED STRAIGHT OUT OF COMPTON :
Utahraptor I'm ready for those rap references now ! !
Hello and congratulations on your purchase of a human ! Here's some advice on how to care for your new pet .
Humans should be kept in rooms between 19 and 24 degrees Celsius !
Your human will finish maturing at around 22 and reach its peak only five years later , after which its physical and mental faculties will enter a slow , unstoppable decline . Your human can still be enjoyed after the age of 27 - - in fact , most will live another 50 years if they're forced to exercise and not permitted to choose their own diets - - but you should be aware at this point that younger , fresher options are certainly available .
Supposed I'm interested in breeding humans ?
PLEASE DON'T .
There are already billions of humans to choose from , and seven more are born every second . While your pet human may claim to filter potential sexual partners by personality , gender , sexual orientation , interests , and body type , you don't get to 7 billion simultaneous humans on the planet by bein' choosey .
And remember : your human will eat its weight in food AT LEAST once every two months , and this comes with a corresponding faecal output !
Be sure you are prepared for these responsibilities before choosing a human as a pet .
And so in conclusion , that's where babies come from .
Wait ! WAIT .
And so in Conclusion , that's where babies come from !
Conclusion is a magical town where we're concerned with how a lot of things happen differently , Dromiceiomimus .
In Conclusion , bananas are the best fruit ?
Hah ! Too bad we're not in Conclusion , Dromiceiomimus . APPLES RULE
In Conclusion , some animals are poison !
Yikes ! Sounds awful . Let's not visit there .
Yes . In Hindsight , this was a bad idea .
Hindsight ! ! Oh my gosh let's move there , let's all be aware of our mistakes before we make them . PLEASE LET'S DO THIS .
You can move to Hindsight , dude . I'm moving to a town called . . . " THE FUTURE " .
No , Utahraptor , don't do it ! ! In The Future , you get old and DIE .
[ [ off - panel ] ] But in The Future , we all have hoverbeds !
IT'S NOT WORTH IT
MAYBE
LISTEN , TELL ME MORE ABOUT THESE HOVERBEDS
Do giants exist ? The answer is no , because come on , they're giants , they're so big and we would've noticed them by now . Sorry giants , but you are all fake .
That's right , I said it !
You are a bunch of fake - ass bros , giants ! !
But maybe INVISIBLE giants exist ? Again , the answer is no : such giants would leave impressions in the ground visible in satellite imagery . It's kinda why we invented satellites in the first place ?
No it's not .
FINE . It's kinda among the reasons some speculate we had for inventing satellites in the first place ?
Okay , but what about FLYING invisible giants ?
Again , these are imaginary .
Any living being requires energy , which means we'd notice them when they fed . And they can't be solar powered , because light's already passing through them ! Therefore : fake .
Huh .
But maybe they absorb only a small amount of non - visible spectrum light and they live in space and that's what dark matter is ? ?
* gasp *
I know just enough about science for that to be really credible ! !
T - REX YOU ARE A PRETTY SKEPTICAL DUDE AM I RIGHT
U r rite !
* ahem *
Pardon me .
You are right !
SO YOU DON'T BELIEVE IS LIKE I DON'T KNOW GHOSTS OR DRACULAS OR HAUNTED CHAIRS
Can't hardly say that I do !
OKAY COOL WELL WHAT IF I SHOWED YOU
THIS
Dromiceiomimus ?
Yes ?
I don't see anything unusual , dude !
Me neither ! Why are we looking ?
God asked if I believed in " haunted chairs " and made it seem like something was gonna happen , but nothing did .
He's God , right ? Maybe he's on God Time . Maybe a haunted chair will show up in a million years from now .
MEANWHILE , ONE UNIVERSE OVER :
CHICK IT T - REX HERE IS A HAUNTED CHAIR
WHO THE HECK SAID THAT
WHOOOHAHH
I MEAN , COOL CHAIR THOUGH
T - REX SPOILS EVERY BOOK , MOVIE , GAME AND ALL OTHER MEDIUMS OF ENTERTAINMENT TOO
the COMIC
In the story you wanna check out , someone experiences an expected or unexpected event !
Also in the story , a character or narrator does something , or thinks about doing something , or recalls when they did something !
Spoil the whole story for me as well as every other narrative in time why don't you ? ?
EVENTS THEN HAPPEN THAT ARE BEYOND ( OR WITHIN ) SOMEONE'S CONTROL
What about stories where it's just a character description ?
That's not a story !
That's " The lady was tall and pretty neato . THE END . " I wouldn't read that more than a couple of times , and only because I'm interested in precisely how neato she is . How did she get to be neato ? Why just " pretty " neato ?
I'm
I'm consumed by this pretty neato lady .
I hope to one day meet her , and then tell her how much her neatoness has meant to me , and then perhaps -
Perhaps . . .
Ah , but it is not for me to say !
How long does it take to become a master violinist ? A few weeks , maybe ? Probably it's a few weeks .
LATER :
It takes DECADES ?
Like , LITERAL decades ? !
Turns out master violinists practice every day because their skills fade as soon as they take a break ! And it takes such a long time to get to this elite level that it's a life choice they make way early on . These JERKS have known what they want to do with their lives since they were , like , SIX . That's ridiculous !
It's ridiculous , Dromiceiomimus .
What are the odds a six - year - old would know what a thirty - year - old wants to do ?
Exactly ! !
I have so little in common with six year old me : we move in disparate social groups , we don't like the same foods , and our bodies are so unlike that if you didn't know about aging you'd think we're different people . The only thing we DO share is a deep and sustaining interest in what the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles are up to !
Oh , if only " grandmaster NMNT guy " had the same cultural cachet as " grandmaster violinist " ! ! Also , if only people paid to come hear me practice my art ( i . e . , talk about which turtle is my favorite ) ( It's Raphael )
( NO wait ! ! DONATELLO )
Is there any motivation that can't be reduced to self - interest ? Absolutely ! For example , I might give to charity : charity is the opposite of greed !
Maybe you're just doing it to feel better about yourself
Dang !
And if I do it anonymously , that still lets ME feel good about myself . Alright , what if I rescue someone from drowning ? And I hate the person , so I don't feel good about saving them !
But others will still know you saved someone , hero , and you might reason that saving this jerk will make them less jerky to you : self - interest again .
DAAAANG ! !
Darn it ! Is everything we do ultimately reduced to greed ?
What about LOVE ?
No go : you expect it to make you feel good , so you sould be doing it out of SECRET GREED . What if you and I are the last people left , and I give you a real nice cookie WHILE SIMULTANEOUSLY cutting off my own head with giant scissors ? That's kindness without good things coming to me , therefore there's no self - interest !
Well , I'd enjoy the cookie and remember you fondly , so there's still self - benefit . Really , all you've done is found a way to escape a hellish post - apocalyptic environment through baking .
My friend , I believe that counts for something ! !
How come none of you guys have described me as an " elite professional " yet ? It's really weird !
IT'S REALLY WEIRD BECAUSE I THOUGHT WE WERE FRIENDS ? ?
Aren't friends supposed to be honest with each other , Dromiceiomimus ?
Um . . . yeah , they are .
Oh , I see how it is ! You don't really think I'm an elite professional , do you ?
I'm . . . not even sure what it is you do ?
T - Rex , you are an elite professional .
THANK you !
Now for the rest of eternity we can cever say you were first described as an elite professional naturally : you had to ask - beg , really - for it .
Wait wait , I take it back ! ! Forget I asked anything ! Describe me that way only if you feel like it !
Too late ! !
LATER :
Dear audio diary : today I made another problem that can only be fixed by time machines ! ! AGAIN . It's like - my special skill ?
Still looking for a friend whose special skill is inventing and then giving away time machines , diary .
It was always to end with Trebek .
The final contestants are Ken Jennings , IBM's NLP computer , and some dude .
The first round is all behind - the - scenes questions on Jeopardy's production : stuff only Trebek would know . Nobody gets a single correct answer . The Double Jeopardy round is even worse , as the first letter from each character spells out " TREBEK " .
But if nobody has a positive score , then nobody can play Final Jeopardy .
. . . NOT QUITE . Alex removes the facade from his podium .
Behind it is a standard Jeopardy lectern . He's been a secret contestant , all these years .
The final question is " Alex Trebek's favorite thing to do is this . " Trek writes down his answer and stares out across the audience as the music plays , almost drowned out by non - stop applause . 30 - seconds later , the song ends , and in the perfect silence that follows , he reads what he wrote to the audience .
" What is - " he begins . His voice breaks . He collects himself and starts again . " What WAS . . . Jeopardy ? "
His score doubles into the billions , the crowd looses their minds , and we cut to our last commercial .
It was always to end with Trebek .
The final contestants are Ken Jennings , IBM's NLP computer , and some dude .
The first round is all behind - the - scenes questions on Jeopardy's production : stuff only Trebek would know . Nobody gets a single correct answer . The Double Jeopardy round is even worse , as the first letter from each character spells out " TREBEK " .
But if nobody has a positive score , then nobody can play Final Jeopardy .
. . . NOT QUITE . Alex removes the facade from his podium .
Behind it is a standard Jeopardy lectern . He's been a secret contestant , all these years .
The final question is " Alex Trebek's favorite thing to do is this . " Trek writes down his answer and stares out across the audience as the music plays , almost drowned out by non - stop applause . 30 - seconds later , the song ends , and in the perfect silence that follows , he reads what he wrote to the audience .
" What is - " he begins . His voice breaks . He collects himself and starts again . " What WAS . . . Jeopardy ? "
His score doubles into the billions , the crowd looses their minds , and we cut to our last commercial .
The most famous racehorse of all time is Secretariat ! And that's kind of a rip - off , everyone . Race horses have ridiculous names !
THAT'S THEIR ENTIRE DEAL .
Secretariat could've been called " Captain Hoofface " or " Ol' Bladder Splatter " , but instead we get the eminently classy " Secretariat " . Equestrians could marvel at the amazing finesse of the great " Hoofs Ahoy ! All Aboard the Hoofs " but no : SECRETARIAT .
What the hell , this timeline ?
Well , a rose by any other name -
DON'T EVEN , dude ! !
Unless you're willing to go through life named as " Nowipe Poopbuttoms " I don't want to hear about how names don't matter . Honestly , all I want to ( EVENTUALLY ) hear is how greatest mind of a century was born today and carried the name " Babybutt Babybutt Myfaceisababybutt " into adulthood .
LATER , T - REX VISITS FRIENDS :
Hey , any ideas for what we should name our new baby ?
Oh man ! ABSOLUTELY !
Wait ! !
Somehow I thought this wouldn't be a bad idea , but I can no longer - remember how I reached that conclusion ?
We've been writing books for thousands of years ! We've had THOUSANDS of years to perfect writing a book .
Therefore , the books we have today are the peak of the art !
But then I go into a bookstore and there are books called " Pooping : What Happened ? ? " and I think maybe the peak of Mount Book isn't that high after all . But we've only been making video games for a few decades ! THEREFORE , video games thousands of years from now are going to be literally insane . You will go insane at how good they are , Dromiceiomimus .
I look forward to it .
As do I .
But every book is written by someone who died AT MOST 100 years later !
Whatever man !
My point is that books haven't had constant , directed development : rather , every author starts almost from scratch ! And that's AFTER we waste our early years learning what a word even is . A metaphor : we're running a 10k race , and all we do is stumble around in those first 100 meters and then DIE .
UM IF I'VE DONE THE MATH IN THAT METAPHOR CORRECTLY THE RACE IS ACTUALLY 10 , 000KM LONG
. . .
Alright ! I'm gonna go lie down and stare at the ceiling for a few hours , peace out everyone
How come zombies don't eat other zombies ? They hunger after the flesh of the living , right ? Zombies aren't dead yet !
THEY SHOULD LOGICALLY BE EATING EACH OTHER .
And therefore we are all saved from a zombie apocalypse and you can thank me later ! It was easy ; I just used logic !
I think the idea is that zombies are undead ?
Come on , what's " undead " mean ? " Not dead " . That's ALIVE , dude . You kill zombies by shooting 'em in the head , and if it can be killed , it wasn't dead , therefore : alive .
Maybe they're a new form of life - a new species - and they have a leftover aversion to cannibalism ?
PLEASE .
" Zombie life " looks exactly like regular life , only with some blood on its clothes . THEREFORE successful aversion to cannibalism would require each zombie conceptualize a mind - self / body - self dichotomy , something ALREADY hard enough when you're not consumed by endless hunger and a bottomless desire to eat meat !
BELIEVE ME
You know what the best part of every movie ever is ? Don't say " characters and plot or whatever " because COME ON . The best part of every movie is the HILARIOUS OUTTAKES .
And this sublime satisfaction need no longer be limited to film !
For example , books could have pages like " It is a universal truth that a single man with a large amount of fortune is in need of a life . Hah hah , what did I write ? . . . 'Life ? ' I meant 'wife' . Okay : new sheet of paper everyone , I promise we're gonna get this . Ready ? We're ready ? Okay . It is a universal truth that a single man with a large amount of fortune is in need of a wifppppfft - I'm sorry ! I got the giggles . Okay . Okay . Okay . Let's do this . "
That doesn't seem that hilarious , T - Rex !
I GUESS YOU HAD TO BE THERE .
But music could do it too ! For instance , suppose the tubas played the wrong note and then everyone has to go back and start over .
I think that's already done . I think that's called " rehearsal " .
Well it sounds great . Do the tuba players crack up when it happens ?
Do they drop their instrument and make a funny face for the audience , then when they do it over do they hit the wrong note really loud and break up laughing again ?
No , I think they get fired .
Man ! " Reality " , am I right ? ?
You know what the best part of every movie ever is ? Don't say " characters and plot or whatever " because COME ON . The best part of every movie is the HILARIOUS OUTTAKES .
And this sublime satisfaction need no longer be limited to film !
For example , books could have pages like " It is a universal truth that a single man with a large amount of fortune is in need of a life . Hah hah , what did I write ? . . . 'Life ? ' I meant 'wife' . Okay : new sheet of paper everyone , I promise we're gonna get this . Ready ? We're ready ? Okay . It is a universal truth that a single man with a large amount of fortune is in need of a wifppppfft - I'm sorry ! I got the giggles . Okay . Okay . Okay . Let's do this . "
That doesn't seem that hilarious , T - Rex !
I GUESS YOU HAD TO BE THERE .
But music could do it too ! For instance , suppose the tubas played the wrong note and then everyone has to go back and start over .
I think that's already done . I think that's called " rehearsal " .
Well it sounds great . Do the tuba players crack up when it happens ?
Do they drop their instrument and make a funny face for the audience , then when they do it over do they hit the wrong note really loud and break up laughing again ?
No , I think they get fired .
Man ! " Reality " , am I right ? ?
Angola Maldives , the sexy super spy I invented , was yet again on a mission to save the world !
Oh no , you guys !
An evil mastermind is planning to smash meteors into the planet ! !
" Ah , then there's nothing to worry about . " Angola said while consuming stuff associated with being really cool like mixed drinks that are hard to make and food that's very expensive and doesn't taste as good as a Big Mac anyway , " as a meteor is defined only as the visible streak of light caused by a meteorOID travelling in atmosphere . Some light hitting our planet won't hurt anyone , yo . "
" I think he actually meant meteoroid then ! ! " shouted Angola's boss ! !
" Again , no worries . " said Angola .
" Most meteorOIDS break up inside atmosphere . It's only meteorITES that ever reach the ground , and the wast majority of those are no larger than a grain of rice . "
" Okay . Weird . I guess I'm thinking about asteroids ? " said the boss .
" Correct , " said Angola .
THE END
ANGOLA MALDIVES WILL RETURN
Annie McDonald's is fourteen years old , and in seven days , she'll invent the hamburger - and with it , the restaurant that still bears her name !
That is , if she can make it through the week ! !
Her home life is a scalding hot mess : her parent make her prepare all their meals , always demanding she cook faster and faster ! And her personal life is no better : Poppo P . Pepsi and Jimmy Coke both want her to go exclusive - and the prom's TONIGHT !
Plus she's flunking Business Ethics !
DROMICEIOMIMUS this is BRAND FANFICTION not BRAND LABOR RECORD EDUTAINMENT CORNER , THANKS .
But hamburgers predate McDonald's !
Dude , I KNOW THIS .
But it makes STORY sense for Annie to be singularly responsible for both the food and the restaurant . How many books are there about McDonald's history ?
Probably plenty !
EXACTLY . But how many cast McDonald's as a confused but inventive young girl on the cusp of ADULTHOOD ? ?
Also on the cusp of grinding cows into a mash , shaping it into a patty , cooking it , and serving it in a bun with lettuce and junk on top ? ?
AKA THE MOST POWERFUL , IF CONFUSING , METAPHOR FOR WOMANHOOD I HAVE EVER PERSONALLY CONCEIVED ? ?
One day little Timmy got one wish from a genie . But we don't care about him anymore because his wish was that all the fast food chains got turned into 18 - year - old girls !
Hah hah ! That's WAY more interesting ! !
So joining Annie McDonald's at Highcal High is June " the Whopper " King , the tall Jane Silver ( who passes as a man and uses the pseudonym " John " due to sexisms ) , The Taco Belle , Wendy ( this one was easy ) , and Kitty Fran Cooper , who goes by -
KFC ! Like the place where they'll fry up a dead chicken for you !
PRECISELY .
And they fight crime ? ?
What ? No , they're students .
I like it though . Huh , maybe they DO fight crime ! And their base could be in a . . . SUBWAY ? ?
Or in a . . . WHITE CASTLE ? ?
Whoah that's way better
LATER , T - REX GETS SERVED WITH SEVERAL COPYRIGHT AND TRADEMARK INFRINGEMENT LAWSUITS :
Man ! !
It's only because I had some illegal thoughts , and then , I wrote down the illegal thoughts
One day little Timmy got one wish from a genie . But we don't care about him anymore because his wish was that all the fast food chains got turned into 18 - year - old girls !
Hah hah ! That's WAY more interesting ! !
So joining Annie McDonald's at Highcal High is June " the Whopper " King , the tall Jane Silver ( who passes as a man and uses the pseudonym " John " due to sexisms ) , The Taco Belle , Wendy ( this one was easy ) , and Kitty Fran Cooper , who goes by -
KFC ! Like the place where they'll fry up a dead chicken for you !
PRECISELY .
And they fight crime ? ?
What ? No , they're students .
I like it though . Huh , maybe they DO fight crime ! And their base could be in a . . . SUBWAY ? ?
Or in a . . . WHITE CASTLE ? ?
Whoah that's way better
LATER , T - REX GETS SERVED WITH SEVERAL COPYRIGHT AND TRADEMARK INFRINGEMENT LAWSUITS :
Man ! !
It's only because I had some illegal thoughts , and then , I wrote down the illegal thoughts
T - Rex , I am a real doctor . Here is your tetanus shot . You'll need to get it again in 10 years .
NOT A PROBLEM ! !
LATER :
WAIT , THIS IS ACTUALLY A PROBLEM ! !
Let's be honest : it's 100 % guaranteed that I'm not going to remember an appointment for a decade ! And I'd lose any piece of paper I wrote down a reminder on .
How about a calendar website or program ?
Dude , I don't still use a single piece of software I used 10 years ago ! That trend seems likely to continue .
I guess . . . a Facebook event ?
Oh God ! Imagine if I'm using Facebook a decade from now ?
Aw geez . Aw GEEZ .
Listen , let's make a Facebook event for a decade out that says " SELF , IF YOU ARE STILL ON FACEBOOK WHEN THIS EVENT HAPPENS , THEN WE HAVE MADE SOME BAD FRIGGIN' DECISIONS . "
" ALSO : GET YOUR TETANUS SHOT AGAIN "
Two birds with one stone !
TEN YEARS LATER :
Oh man ! Remember when I set up this event ?
Oh man ! Remember when it was legal not to be on Facebook ?
Oh man ! Remember when you wouldn't go to jail if you named your kid something other than " Facebook's V . Cool " ? ?
A good book title describes the content of the book in a significant and memorable way .
But a GREAT book title sells some friggin' books !
So if we look at PREVIOUS bestselling books maybe we can figure out what good titles are ! I did some very basic research and it turns out the all - time bestselling books include " A Tale of Two Cities " , " The Lord of the Rings " , and " The Little Prince " .
So I guess great titles include . . . prepositions and definite articles ?
WEIRD .
All these books were published decades ago !
Books is books , bro !
Yes , but maybe our OLD LADY GRANDPARENTS were the ones big into prepositions . Today's youth cares about more dynamic , exciting things !
You mean like . . . conjunctions ?
Why don't you look at what sort of online ads get the biggest response ?
SOON :
Hello everyone ! My new book is called " Blink And You'll Miss It ! 150 Outrageous Movie Mistakes You Won't Believe Made It To Film " !
It's a cookbook but hah hah hah , WHATEVER
A good book title describes the content of the book in a significant and memorable way .
But a GREAT book title sells some friggin' books !
So if we look at PREVIOUS bestselling books maybe we can figure out what good titles are ! I did some very basic research and it turns out the all - time bestselling books include " A Tale of Two Cities " , " The Lord of the Rings " , and " The Little Prince " .
So I guess great titles include . . . prepositions and definite articles ?
WEIRD .
All these books were published decades ago !
Books is books , bro !
Yes , but maybe our OLD LADY GRANDPARENTS were the ones big into prepositions . Today's youth cares about more dynamic , exciting things !
You mean like . . . conjunctions ?
Why don't you look at what sort of online ads get the biggest response ?
SOON :
Hello everyone ! My new book is called " Blink And You'll Miss It ! 150 Outrageous Movie Mistakes You Won't Believe Made It To Film " !
It's a cookbook but hah hah hah , WHATEVER
LET'S LEARN ABOUT STAIRS
Let's not !
IT'S HAPPENING DUDE
Noooo
WHILE MOST OF US HAVE AN INTUITIVE UNDERSTANDING OF STAIRS THIS SURFACE SIMPLICITY MASKS A WEALTH OF COMPLICATED AND INTERESTING STAIR FACTS
Noooooo
THE PITCH LINE OF A STAIR IS A FACTOR OF ITS RUN AND RISE
No you're pushing better facts out of my brain !
THE AREA UNDER A STAIR IS KNOWN AS A SPANDREL
Hey T - Rex , what'd Alfred do before he was Batman's butler ?
I - I don't know !
All I know is stair junk now ! !
Oh . Well , more that's applicable in real life than fictional butlers , so - good job !
Utahraptor no ! This isn't the person I want to be ! !
Pre - Crisis Alfred worked as an intelligence agent , and interestingly enough the bullnose is the first step of a flight of stairs : it may be wider than other steps and rounded to support handrail end elements , called " volutes "
Nooooooooooo
LITERARY TECHNIQUE COMICS
today's technique
ONOMATOPOEIA
Onomatopoeia is when words sound like the thing they're describing !
But it only really shows up in parallel timelines , where dogs are called " barkbarkpantpantbarkbarkwhine " s . That doesn't mean you can't use it in your stories though ! For example , try naming a main character " HellomynameisCaptainPete " if his first line in the story is " Hello , my name is Captain Pete " !
Pros do this ALL THE TIME .
It shows up in our timeline ! You already used it : " bark " sounds like a dog bark !
No it doesn't !
Well , it does if you say it in a dog voice .
EVERYTHING SOUNDS LIKE A DOG IF YOU SAY IT IN A DOG VOICE ! !
I GUESS THAT'S WHY DOGS USE THEM , HUH ? ?
CONCLUSION :
Onomatopoeia ruins relationships , never use it
LITERARY TECHNIQUE COMICS
today's technique
ONOMATOPOEIA
Onomatopoeia is when words sound like the thing they're describing !
But it only really shows up in parallel timelines , where dogs are called " barkbarkpantpantbarkbarkwhine " s . That doesn't mean you can't use it in your stories though ! For example , try naming a main character " HellomynameisCaptainPete " if his first line in the story is " Hello , my name is Captain Pete " !
Pros do this ALL THE TIME .
It shows up in our timeline ! You already used it : " bark " sounds like a dog bark !
No it doesn't !
Well , it does if you say it in a dog voice .
EVERYTHING SOUNDS LIKE A DOG IF YOU SAY IT IN A DOG VOICE ! !
I GUESS THAT'S WHY DOGS USE THEM , HUH ? ?
CONCLUSION :
Onomatopoeia ruins relationships , never use it
People are always crying that we need more punctuation marks to show things like sarcasm , sincerity , and so on . " Boo hoo hoo , " they say , " the tears , they don't stop , abloo hoo hoo . "
But we already have new punctuation , and only corporations use it !
I refer of course to the trademark symbol . Right now all it means is " I paid the government some money to make sure you can't say this sentence in the same places I get to say this sentence " , but we can change that . We could use it to mean anything ! ?
Anything ? ?
Anything at all , baby ! ?
It kinda just seems like you're saying corporate slogans back and forth .
Life's funny that way ! ?
No , when you say short pithy things it's even worse .
Oh well ! ? Language : it's weird ! ?
T - Rex , listen : I don't want to live in your new utopia .
Hah hah hah ! ?
It's mandatory ! ! ?

Once upon a time , I , T - Rex , dreamt I was a butterfly , fluttering hither and thither , to all intents and purposes a butterfly . I was conscious only of my happiness as a butterfly .

I was unaware that I was T - Rex !

Soon I awoke , and there I was , veritably myself again . Now I do not know whether I was then a dinosaur dreaming I was a butterfly , or whether I am now a butterfly , dreaming I am a dinosaur !
A dinosaur dreaming that he's plagiarizing 4th - century BCE Chinese philosopher Zhuangzi ?
WHO CAN SAY ? ?

Good news : butterflies don't have the neural capacity to sustain our shared reality !
Huh ?

Butterflies ! Tiny brains . They literally can't simulate something so complicated and consistent as the reality you're now experiencing . So hooray , you're not a butterfly !
Huh . Maybe I'm a larger animal : a dog , perhaps ? Some manner of giraffe ?

A sentient universe - spanning computational intelligence , the ultimate end - point of evolution and the Final Mind of all creation ? ?
Yes , that'd likely have enough processing power to simulate one dude's life .
NIIIIIIICE
Which chest pains are , like . . .
. . . the GOOD chest pains ?
Don't say that , T - Rex , it'll make me laugh and that aggravates my chest pains !
Oh no , thinking about other people's chest pains aggravates MY chest pains !
Hah !
Ouch
You guys want some chest pains ? I got some . I think I got , like . . . extras ?
No , we're good !
Why do we even have pain sensors inside our chests ? Why would we evolve to feel pain in the first place ? Why can't I just get a text message inside my head that says " oh hey your heart is boned " and I can click " whatever , I had a good run " and we leave it at that ?
T - REX BE COOL IT'S JUST A FRACTURED RIB
Hah hah hah !
" Just "
Who here wants to watch me eat a sandwich ?
Wow nobody ? ?
Okay , who here wants to watch me prepare a sandwich , and then have that sandwich shared with them ?
I'm in !
Dromiceiomimus ! You're only doing this because you want a sandwich ! !
Yes . I , um -
I thought that was clear ?
You need to do things not just because you might get a sandwich !
We all already do that !
For example , I'm talking to you right now but I'm not expecting you to whip out a sandwich for me at the end of this conversation .
What if I did ?
That'd be awful nice of you .
WELL GET READY BECAUSE TODAY'S YOUR LUCKY DAY ! !
. . . oh wait nevermind ! I ate it on the way over without even noticing that I was consuming food ! CLASSIC " ME " , AM I RIGHT ? ?
* sigh *
Yep , I got a problem .
Peer pressure is so 80s ! PEER TO PEER pressure is what we talk about here in future land ! !
Eh ? Because of Bittorrent ?
Dromiceiomimus , if you laughed at my jokes more I might feel better about things in general .
Huh !
THE END
Knock knock !
Who's there ?
" I eat mop " .
I eat mop who ?
YOU EAT YOUR POO ? HAH HAH , WOW . WOW , MAN . WHAT'S EVEN GOING ON IN YOUR HEAD ? ?
YOU ARE ONE GRODY DUDE , UTAHRAPTOR !
Thanks , T - Rex . That was a funny joke you shared .
I HONESTLY THINK YOU SHOULD STOP CONSUMING YOUR OWN FAECAL OUTPUT
THE END
Polysyndeton is when you use a lot of conjunctions and you chain phrases together and you go and you go and you don't stop until you have used polysyndeton !
LITERARY TECHNIQUE COMICS
today's technique
POLYSYNDETON
You can use it for rhythm or you can use it for cadence or you can use it in case commas are expensive but there is a big ol' sale on conjunctions ! It can also make your writing appear childlike and if that is the sort of thing you're into then this is a good way of doing that .
There's really not much to it , huh ?
It's pretty straightforward !
BASICALLY , any place you'd use a comma , write " and " and / or " but " and / or " anyway whatever " instead . For example , " It was the best of times but anyway whatever it was the worst of times . " Isn't that better ?
Um
ISN'T THAT BETTER ? ?
MEANWHILE , IN TUDOR ENGLAND :
Hey Shakespeare ! Mess up your plays with some polysyndeton ! !
t - rex don't you have other things to do
Besides travel back in time to hang out with my friends ?
Nooooooope
Polysyndeton is when you use a lot of conjunctions and you chain phrases together and you go and you go and you don't stop until you have used polysyndeton !
LITERARY TECHNIQUE COMICS
today's technique
POLYSYNDETON
You can use it for rhythm or you can use it for cadence or you can use it in case commas are expensive but there is a big ol' sale on conjunctions ! It can also make your writing appear childlike and if that is the sort of thing you're into then this is a good way of doing that .
There's really not much to it , huh ?
It's pretty straightforward !
BASICALLY , any place you'd use a comma , write " and " and / or " but " and / or " anyway whatever " instead . For example , " It was the best of times but anyway whatever it was the worst of times . " Isn't that better ?
Um
ISN'T THAT BETTER ? ?
MEANWHILE , IN TUDOR ENGLAND :
Hey Shakespeare ! Mess up your plays with some polysyndeton ! !
t - rex don't you have other things to do
Besides travel back in time to hang out with my friends ?
Nooooooope
When a chef gets his recipes stolen by the mob , he revenges himself on them . . . through karate . This summer , you can't make an omelet . . .
Without breaking a few LEGS .
Here at ClothesCorp , we know you love covering up your naked body . But then we thought , wouldn't it be nice if your bod felt slightly nicer ? So we've made our full line of clothing so much more comfortable , we had to name it . . . More Comfortable ? !
This summer . . . slip into something More Comfortable .
We've made robot clones you can hug !
Get A Hold of Yourself , Man !
" I can't Believe It's Not Butter " brought margarine - based incredulity home . Now try our new spreadable fat , " Such A Good Idea " ! It's great on toast , potatoes , of straight out of the plastic tub . When your spouse reaches for the competition , be sure to stay their hand and say " Honey , I don't think that's Such A Good Idea ? " .
Star cop Jack Ready is undercover as " Slice Norway " , a slicer from Norway . But when his cover's blown , he has to take on the mob alone . This summer . . .
. . . He was Born " Ready " ! !
Hah hah hah
Sometimes adults grow up stupid and need to be reminded what 2 + 2 is equal to ! When this happens , adults go to a special remedial building and practice adding up numbers together !
BLACKJACK AS SHE IS PLAYED
The " dealer " is the one who has to deal with these guys . He gives each adult some cards with numbers on them - as many as they want - and so that nobody gets any confusion in their li'l heads , the numbers are printed both rightside up and upside down on each card . The stupid adults then add up their numbers !
Then what happens ?
Then they're all the next contestants on . . . The Price Is Right !
The home edition , anyway .
Explain !
They each use their cards to guess a secret number : the closest without going over winds a prize ! But that was too confusing for them , so now the secret number's always 21 . They guess a number WHOSE VALUE IS PUBLIC KNOWLEDGE , and yet they still mostly lose .
Sounds depressing !
Yep ! To counteract THAT , the remedial addition schools are full of fun flashing lights . They're called " CASINOS " , short for " Can't Add ? Suck at Identifying Numbers ? Over here Suckers ! "
Ssh ! It's a secret ! Don't tell the stupid adults ! !
Do you like drinking blood ? If yes , turn to panel 3 . If no , go to panel 6 . ( That's the " You are not a Dracula , sorry champ " panl , just a heads up ! )
ARE YOU A DRACULA ? A HANDY FLOWCHART TO FIND OUT
So you like drinking blood , huh ? Interesting , interesting . Well , let me ask you this : do you like drinking blood . . . FRESH FROM AN ALIVE BODY ? ?
Yes : panel 4 . No : panel 6 .
Weird . Well , have you also been bitten by a Dracula and turned into a Dracula ?
Yes : panel 5 . No : panel 6 !
Hmm well yes , I think you are indeed a Dracula .
You are immortal as long as you don't go out in the sun or get stabbed through the heart with a wooden stake !
Don't worry though , that last one's fatal to everyone , so no worries !
Welcome to panel 6 ! The good news is you're not a Dracula . But the bad news is WHAT THE FRIG , I THINK THERE'S SOME DRACULAS HIDING OUT IN PANEL 5 ! ! ! AHHHHH , WE CAN NEVER GO BACK
Dang girl , you know I wanna kiss you baby !
Girl you know if I get your consent I'm gonna press my lips up against the nice parts of your head !
Damn girl , I think I just bit my tongue ! Yeah , I got that guy good , babe . I bit right into the prehensile mean that lives inside my face but you know as soon as blood stops pouring out of it I'm gonna slip that flattened fleshy tube right inside your mouth .
You know I'ma position the moist entrance to my digestive tract up against yours .
Girl , is there a piece missing ? It hurts a lot .
Girl , use your fingers to probe my mouth real quick .
Girl I gotta step to the hospital , but you know when I get out I'ma kiss your oral cavity . I'm gonna moisten my lips with liquid excreted by specialized internal glads , and I'll press those excretion covered lips all up against you .
Damn girl , you know I use my tongue to spread that saliva around .
Girl the blood keeps coming out , can you call my mom real quick ? ?
THE LAST WILL AND TESTAMENT OF _ _ _ _ _ _ _
print and save ! it's for in case you die
This is my will , suckers ! I am of _ _ _ _ _ _ _ mind and body .
And I hereby leave all my worldly possessions to _ _ _ _ _ _ _ !
With the exception of _ _ _ _ _ _ _ , which must go to _ _ _ _ _ _ _ because they _ _ _ _ _ _ _ all over my _ _ _ _ _ _ _ three times . Furthermore , _ _ _ _ _ _ _ must spend three _ _ _ _ _ _ _ in a haunted _ _ _ _ _ _ _ , where _ _ _ _ _ _ _ will _ _ _ _ _ _ _ them over and over .
If they _ _ _ _ _ _ _ , they will get to have my _ _ _ _ _ _ _ .
I want my funeral to be _ _ _ _ _ _ _ !
EXTREMELY _ _ _ _ _ _ _ !
And if I died of natural causes , that's _ _ _ _ _ _ _ , but if , as I suspect , _ _ _ _ _ _ _ is responsible then I insist they be _ _ _ _ _ _ _ into a _ _ _ _ _ _ _ and blasted into _ _ _ _ _ _ _ .
Oh ! And tell _ _ _ _ _ _ _ I always had a big ol' crush on him / her ! ! NO POINT DENYING IT NOW .
They were way _ _ _ _ _ _ _ and my favourite part of their body was their _ _ _ _ _ _ _ . Daaaamn .
Okay ! PEACE OUT Y'ALL , IF YOU ARE READING THIS THEN EITHER I AM A CORPSE OR YOU ARE A BIG OL' SNOOP
Are you going to have a baby ? Is parenthood in your future ? Well I guess there's no better time than now to share with you my
GOOD NAMES FOR BABIES
" Air " is a good one , because then your kid can be a superspy on an underwater mission and say " Hey . Guess what ? You need Air to breathe . " and then explode the scuba gear of a bad guy .
That's the ONE time that name would be handy .
SO WORTH IT though ! !
Another good name is " Utahraptor " !
Hah !
What ? My name is way awesome . It has " RAPTOR " in it ; how is that not awesome ?
Dude , " Utahraptor " sounds like " you dah raptor " , like you're alone in the bathroom saying " you dah man " in the mirror each morning . Weak ! !
Your name sounds like tea is being ruined .
NUH - UH ! !
YOU'RE MISSING A SUBJECT OF THE VERB
Okay let's try this again . Last time went a little off the rails , but the fact remains that we do in fact need
GOOD NAMES FOR BABIES
part two
Hello , and congratulations on reproducing ! Congratulations on deciding that despite the fact that there are LITERALLY seven billion people alive on the planet today , the Earth definitely needs another sentient mouth on legs running around and shoving food inside itself . Congratulations on deciding that your genes take priority and that not a single one of these seven billion people would ever be as special and unique as your little screaming baby !
T - Rex , once again you have gone off the rails !
How so ?
We're here to name babies , and instead you're making fun of the couples who had some cool sex SO INEPTLY that they all ended up pregnant .
Oh no , now you're doing it too ! !
Oh noooo !
Okay okay : try naming your baby after their species ! That worked out real well for me AND my closest friends .
Yeah man !
TELL ME ABOUT IT
Imagine a dude whose life just keeps getting better . He starts out unemployed and feeling useless .
Then later , he has a job !
Then he has a better job , and he gets more and more satisfied with his professional life and personal life and no matter what he does things just KEEP GETTING BETTER for him . Doesn't that sound nice ?
Pretty nice , dude !
I know ! I SERIOUSLY WANT TO BE THIS DUDE .
You already are !
Not really !
Yeah , you are , you're just running through your life in the wrong order . Go from worst to best and you're there .
But my age will vary widely from one moment to the next !
Sure , and those first few years are rough , but who cares ? IT GETS SO MUCH BETTER .
Your final few years live will be spent being successful and winning awards and kissing attractive people while you're both naked !
LIFE TRULY IS MAGNIFICENT , DUDES .
We're just sorting it incorrectly ! !
Imagine a dude whose life just keeps getting better . He starts out unemployed and feeling useless .
Then later , he has a job !
Then he has a better job , and he gets more and more satisfied with his professional life and personal life and no matter what he does things just KEEP GETTING BETTER for him . Doesn't that sound nice ?
Pretty nice , dude !
I know ! I SERIOUSLY WANT TO BE THIS DUDE .
You already are !
Not really !
Yeah , you are , you're just running through your life in the wrong order . Go from worst to best and you're there .
But my age will vary widely from one moment to the next !
Sure , and those first few years are rough , but who cares ? IT GETS SO MUCH BETTER .
Your final few years live will be spent being successful and winning awards and kissing attractive people while you're both naked !
LIFE TRULY IS MAGNIFICENT , DUDES .
We're just sorting it incorrectly ! !
Spring is here !
LET'S EAT FOOD ON A BEACH WITH FRIENDS
T - Rex , I was just noticing how spring is here , and it occurred to me that we should eat food on a beach with friends ! !
You know how long it's been since I brought food to a beach , and then , sitting on that beach with friends , consumed the food ?
TO DAMN LONG
Hey I got all this food and friendship , where should we go ?
THE BEACH
One minor concern : yeah , it IS spring , but it's still kinda cool out . We might get cold .
SCREW IT , WE'LL WEAR SWEATERS AND EAT HOT HOT CHILI
LATER :
SCREW IT , WE'RE NAKED AND WE'RE EATING HOT HOT CHILI
I -
I . . . !
I ! !
I WOULD LIKE TO EAT THE WINGS OF A CHICKEN !
YES . Somebody please slaughter their chickens and cook them and bring them to me and then leave immediately . I WILL PAY CASH MONEY .
Are you saying you want to order some wings for delivery ?
Yes , I am 100 % WILLING to use the promise of currency to induce a stranger to bring unto me my preferred parts of a chicken , so that I might consume them with my bare hands .
SOON :
The wings arrive soon : a corporation has given me its word !
Nice !
When they arrive , be sure to pay the driver more than your contract dictates . This helps the driver .
MAN , I can't wait to eat these chickens' wings . I can't wait to hold them to my teeth as I rend flesh from bone , enjoying the taste of their flavoured skin .
45 MINUTES LATER : REGRETS
Eating's gross ; NOBODY DO IT
WHAT'S UP T - REX ?
Oh , not much !
Just worrying about my personal brand !
Sometimes I'm concerned I'm not marketing myself to others effectively , you know ? I don't even have a video resume highlighting my personal development successes ! I'm MINIMALLY leveraging my reputation capital and don't even ask me about my impression management initiatives ! ! SHEESH . Honestly , my unique value propositions are barely differentiated for front - of - mind positioning .
T - Rex , you are the product of millions of years of evolution !
And how !
We can trace a single , vibrant line from your birth all the way back to the very origins of life on earth .
Nice !
And , as this pinnacle of evolution , YOU ARE HONESTLY WORRYING ABOUT YOUR " PERSONAL BRAND " . This friendship is OVER .
Hah !
Utahraptor's personal brand is soooooo sassy
HEY T - REX QUICK QUESTION
WHAT WOULD YOU DO IF THERE WAS ONE HOUR LEFT BEFORE THE WORLD EXPLODED
Hah hah hahaaaaaaa -
- aaaaaaAAAAAAAAAAHHHHH -
- aaaahhhhhiiiiiiIIIII don't know ! Probably scream a little ?
Huh ?
Utahraptor , what would you do if there was one hour left before the world exploded ?
Hah hah haaaaaAAAAAAHHHHhhhhssuming I was aware of it , probably scream a little ?
Exactly !
I'd like to spend it with my friends though . Maybe some puppies .
Oh my GOSH puppies are aaAAAAAHHHHHHHHH -
. . . dorable ?
NO DUDE I JUST REMEMBERED I LEFT THE SINK RUNNING
THIS SUMMER
ONE MAN
That's me !
HIS BEST FRIEND
I'm best friends with myself !
AND HIS OTHER FRIEND
Hello !
WILL TAKE ON
THE WORLD
Exciting !
ALSO A THIRD FRIEND IS THERE
Sup , T - Rex !
Hey dude !
TOGETHER THEY'LL FACE THE ULTIMATE CHALLENGE
IN A DO - OR - DIE BATTLE
WHERE ONLY ONE CAN SURVIVE
Cooooooooool
Awesome , thanks dude ! Your voice really sounds like the voice from movie commercials .
WHAT HAPPENS WHEN EVERYTHING YOU BELIEVE
IS A LIE
Hah had , yeah man !
Whoooo knoooows
Fairy tales all begin and end with the same stock phrase ! ONCE UPON A TIME , events happened to characters and were altered by them in some way , AND THEY ALL LIVED HAPPILY EVER AFTER .
But that's only in English dudes !
In Polish the stories start with " Long , long time ago " and end with " . . . and I was there too , and I drank mead and wine " ! SO MUCH BETTER . More author insertion in the last sentences of every story please ! Pr we could at least do something like in Greek , where they end with " . . . and they lived well , and WE lived better ! "
Hahaha , suck on that THE PAST .
In Slovak they end with " . . . and they lived happily , until they died " !
OMG BRB , MOVING TO SLOVAKIA
" Well , ARMENIAN fairy tales end with " . . . and then 3 apples fall from heaven " and then the storyteller gets to decide who in the audience gets the apples !
There's PRIZES ? ? Why are we settling for " happily ever after " when we could be boozing and winning imaginary apples ? ?
LATER :
Dudes , in Catalan the stories end " and with a dog and a cat , the tale is finished " ! You are guaranteed a dog will at least make an appearance in every story ! !
AHHHHHHHHHHH it's SO GOOD
Hey , the 90s called !
They keep calling , you should probably call them back dude !
Hey , the 90s called !
Oh ?
Yeah , and all I could hear on the line was heavy breathing and giggling .
Your friends are losers , tell them to stop bothering me !
Hey , the 90s called and left a callback number and I called it and now I've got the 90s on the line .
WHAT
What is happening
Tell them I want to talk to my grandpa
Wednesday ! The Romans named it after the god Mercury ( " Wodanaz " ) and we continue to this day !
Because nothing's more important than a dude from history that nobody believes in anymore !
You'd suggest something better in its place ?
Yes . LITERALLY ANYTHING . Instead of " I'll see you next Wednesday " we could say something like " Oh , I'll see you next . . . BURGERDAY " That includes burgers both veggie AND ham , so everyone will be happy !
EVEN THE VEGANS
I'll see you next VIDEOGAMESAREFUNDAY ?
They CAN be fun , yes !
Okay cool , we'll meet the day after THEBASEMENTISFULLOFBODIESDAY .
Huh ?
It's right after INTHISHOUSEALLTHEBEDROODOORSLOCKFROMTHEOUTSIDEDAY ? Come on man . This is baby stuff .
. . . Huh .
LATER :
Well paint me orange and call me Garfield , because I hate MON . . . STROSITIESMERGEFROMINSIDEYOURMOUTHDAYS !
My question is how they even get IN there !
ALL ABOARD THE MAKEOUT EXPRESS ! YOUR TICKET IS MAKEOUTS . PLEASE HAVE YOUR TICKETS READY .
AND YES , I WILL BE CHECKING TICKETS ! VERY CAREFULLY . WITH MY FACE
I WILL ALSO BE USING THE SLICK MOISTENED TONGUE INSIDE MY FACE TO CHECK TICKETS , SO HEADS UP ON THAT ONE .
Dude , you're making the Makeout Express ticket validation procedure sound needlessly gross !
ATTENTION PASSENGERS : MY TONGUE IS NOT ACTUALLY THAT MOIST
That's not helping ! !
What stops does the makeout express make ?
I'M GLAD YOU ASKED !
THE MAKEOUT EXPRESS TAKES ON PASSENGERS AT KISSFACE STATION , ALL UP ONS CIRCLE , AND LIPLOCK LANE .
I'd actually prefer to be the only " passenger " !
SORRY BUT WE ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR PROVIDING SERVICE FOR THOUSANDS OF PAYING CUSTOMERS EACH DAY .
WAIT , THAT MEANS SOMEHOW I'VE BECOME . . . AN INCREDIBLY SUCCESSFUL PROSTITUTE ? ?
EVERYONE GET OFF THE TRAIN , I GOTTA FIGURE THIS OUT
TODO :
x get cool bedsheets
stop saying " frig " so much
x start saying " frig again , frig , it rules
- GET STRONG
ALRIGHT , who here wants to GET STRONG ? ?
And for those of you tempted to say that true strength isn't JUST a matter of having big ol' muscles , I must remind you that this is the sort of thing the non - strong whisper to each other as they huddle , quivering , under a frond . Meanwhile the strong are walking by , and yeah they're quivering too , but only because they're so excited by their big muscles !
Strength's part of overall fitness . Let's get fit , T - Rex ! You and me !
Let's do it ! !
SOON :
* huff *
* huff *
* huff *
Oh my god I'm dying
* huff *
* huff *
How -
* huff *
* huff *
* huff *
How much further to the gym
* huff *
HOW TO BLUFF YOUR WAY THROUGH EVERY CONVERSATION ABOUT SHAKESPEARE
Shakespeare ! He wrote a lot of plays : REMEMBER THAT , because it's kinda all you you need to know !
Now watch and learn :
T - REX WHAT DO YOU THINK OF MACBETH
It was a good play !
T - Rex , what do you think of Romeo and Juliet ?
It was not as good as some of his other plays !
Yes , well , that does seem to be the consensus
T - Rex , what do you think of the Merchant of Venice ?
The merchant of MENACE ? !
No , the Merchant of Venice . Do you think it's more a tragic comedy or a comedic tragedy ?
Well friend , I think the option that you agree with ! And my reasons are PRETTY OBVIOUS to anyone as distinguished as ourselves !
Amazing ! We agree 100 % ! !
MEANWHILE , IN TUDOR ENGLAND :
T - Rex , do you ever feel like people expect too much from you and you're really a giant fraud ?
Hah hah !
NOPE ! !
In today's society , knowing a little about computers can go a long way ! They're not magic boxes . In fact , the more you learn about them the less magical they'll be !
Soon you'll be staring at an obscure compiler error and no magic will be left in the world !
Are you starting with object - oriented development or structured programming ? And either way , how are you introducing declaration scope and abstractions ?
I thought I'd actually start with logic gates , and build up to simple machine languages from that ?
Hmm . . . maybe start with functional programming so state isn't a concern ?
Computers : more complicated than they seem ?
NO , DON'T SAY THAT !
People don't learn about computers because they worry it'll be hard , and if word gets out that they're actually machines so incredibly complex that the last CPU to be designed without other computers helping us was the 386 processor back in 1985 , then we're DOOMED .
I'm serious ! Don't tell a soul that current processors are so complex that we literally cannot fully understand them , and engineers work in teams where each only understands a little bit at a time ! !
BECAUSE OTHERWISE , AS I SAY , WE ARE ALL TOTALLY DOOMED
Okay , so I didn't help anyone learn about computers yesterday . I MESSED UP . But we will fix that today ! YES . Okay .
* ahem *
What IS a computer ?
Scientists have studied them for years to come up with an answer to this question . These highly specialized scientists , known as " computer scientists " , have given up on studying their own fleshy bodies to instead study the hard transistors , the finely sculpted semiconductors , and the gleaming metal bodies of our strange electronic offspring .
This sounds kinda sexy ?
Damn dude , you know it is !
Computers may have quad - core processors instead of quadriceps , but to the computer scientist these " quads " are just as alluring as the muscles of any flesh Adonis !
So what IS a computer ?
PURE FREEBASED SEX .
Maybe the best way to understand a computer is to describe them as a person ! Yes : MY COMPUTER IS A PERSON .
A person who only ever does what you tell her to !
But she only does THAT if you have perfect grammar and syntax when you talk to her . Also , she only understands a few limited languages , and getting her to do anything non - trivial can take WEEKS . In fact , whole companies of specialized teams will work for years on trying to get her to do specific tasks ! Sounds pretty frustrating , right ?
WHAT IF I TOLD YOU SHE EATS ELECTRICITY AND CAN REPLACE HER BODY PARTS AS THEY FAIL ? ?
Whoah , she sounds kinda awesome !
I know , right ?
The only downside is she's got a growing army of friends who are all " inter - networked " together in an " inter - net " , so if one finds out a secret the rest NEVER FORGET . Also , her friends spy on you .
Huh .
Also , when she gets sick she trashes your shit and only wants to show you porn .
I -
I spend hours each day just staring into her face and being endlessly entertained , and I can't imagine life without her
T - REX IT'S INTERESTING HOW YOU PERSONIFIED THE COMPUTER AS A WOMAN
What are you , a history major ? That stuff went down YESTERDAY .
I'M JUST SAYING IT'S INTERESTING
I had to choose from the gender spectrum , and I did !
BUT WHY DID YOU CHOOSE FEMALE
Are you asking a OFTEN HETEROSEXUAL DUDE why , when given his gender druthers , he chose LAY - DEE over another jive - ass hunk ?
JIVE - ASS HUNK
It's a hunk whose ass is jive ! You're God . You must know some ! !
Hey ! What's up , T - Rex ?
I'm trial for imagining my computer to be a babe and my hands are full !
I - I can parse that sentence , but it feels like I'm making a mistake when I do ? Like there's sentences in English that shouldn't be said , and I'm somehow - tainted for having tried to understand yours .
Okay
Like it's changed me , lessened me , like I'm standing on the edge of a great precipice and and I can feel the pit of my stomach dropping but I'm still edging ever forward , daring to peek over the edge .
Hah hah
Okay
HOW TO BE AN AUTHOR
Make up stuff that didn't happen ! Imagine lies , then write them down in order .
THAT IS LITERALLY ALL AUTHORS DO .
What about the authors of non - fiction ?
Oh , you mean the ones who PLAGIARIZE REALITY ITSELF and then have the gall to write " By me ! I wrote this ! " on the cover ?
. . . I - suppose I do ?
What about screenplays ?
Hah ! Those are just a special " he said / she said " format for lies !
To produce them one needs to hire " actors " , which are people who are trained to say LITERALLY ANYTHING as long as you pay them . Such a person is really convenient to have when trying to film events that didn't happen , so these days most movies use actors extensively .
. . . Huh .
T - REX WHAT ABOUT VIDEO GAMES
You mean INTERACTIVE LIES ? ?
. . . Yeah , they're pretty fun actually .
I LIKE THE MARIO SERIES IN PARTICULAR
The propinquity effect refers our tendency to from romantic attachments with people we encounter and interact with often .
If I see someone all the time , it's more likely they'll become my sweetie !
Which , you know , seems kind of obvious when you consider the opposite : if I interact with someone not at all , it's PRETTY unlikely that we'll be sharing INTIMATE SNUGGLES . But knowing about the propinquity effect , I can alter my life appropriately ! Now I know that when I want to enter into a romantic relationship with someone , I should just totally integrate myself into their day - to - day lives !
No , no , T - Rex , no !
This is a great plan ! What ?
If you wanna date someone , ask them out , don't do this stalkery , passive aggressive " hey , notice I'm around all the time now ? " thing . That's creepy ! That crap only ever works in romantic comedies , and our BEST SCIENTISTS don't even know why it works there .
They watch MOVIES at Science Headquarters ? ?
MEANWHILE , AT SCIENCE HEADQUARTERS !
Ladies and gentlemen : who put this dinosaur poster up in Science Headquarters ? ?
Because my hypothesis is : it's rad
A SPOOKY GHOST STORY , by me , T - Rex .
One day an alive woman died ! THE END .
OR WAS IT ? ?
Duh , it's not the end ! She became a spooky ghost !
But unlike most ghosts who haunt their descendants , SHE became a ghost in the medieval past . She haunted her ancestors ! She'd say things like " Woooo in the future we'll have cell phones " and he ancestors would say " Is that English ? I can barely recognize it . It sounds so different to our more throaty , Scottish - sounding phonology " .
" Furthermore , we employ over twelve forms of 'the' and she only uses one ! "
Aw no .
" And when she writes us ghostly notes , she uses letters unfamiliar to us and avoids letters we use like thorne and yogh . Communication is difficult , if not impossible . "
T - Rex this isn't scary at all ! I'm LEARNING instead of being TERRIFIED .
SCARE ME , PLEASE .
FINE . Someone shouts " Whoah , now she's pulling off her face , and there's a writhing pile of worms underneath ! "
NICE
" Also she uses singular and plural noun forms , but WE also have one for 'double' ! "
AW GEEZ
A SPOOKY GHOST STORY , by me , T - Rex .
One day an alive woman died ! THE END .
OR WAS IT ? ?
Duh , it's not the end ! She became a spooky ghost !
But unlike most ghosts who haunt their descendants , SHE became a ghost in the medieval past . She haunted her ancestors ! She'd say things like " Woooo in the future we'll have cell phones " and he ancestors would say " Is that English ? I can barely recognize it . It sounds so different to our more throaty , Scottish - sounding phonology " .
" Furthermore , we employ over twelve forms of 'the' and she only uses one ! "
Aw no .
" And when she writes us ghostly notes , she uses letters unfamiliar to us and avoids letters we use like thorne and yogh . Communication is difficult , if not impossible . "
T - Rex this isn't scary at all ! I'm LEARNING instead of being TERRIFIED .
SCARE ME , PLEASE .
FINE . Someone shouts " Whoah , now she's pulling off her face , and there's a writhing pile of worms underneath ! "
NICE
" Also she uses singular and plural noun forms , but WE also have one for 'double' ! "
AW GEEZ
A TERRIFYING ZOMBIE STORY , by me , T - Rex .
One day an alive woman died . OR DID SHE ? Because now she's . . . A ZOMBIE ! !
Can I get a what what ?
Our zombie woman is Patient Zero of the zombie outbreak , which suggests to the attentive reader that we're using an infection model of zombification . Let R0 be the threshold quantity of infections . If R0 is less than one , then the infection will die out . If it's equal to one , then the disease will remain endemic in the population . And the more above one R0 is , the greater the epidemic !
So to quantify our zombie terror , all we need to do is calculate R0 !
Can I hear about the people she bites ?
Assuming N population and a contact rate of B , then our zombie will make BN bites per time unit , resulting in infections with a mean infectious period of 1 / Y : Y being of course the mean recovery rate . Therefore , R0 = ( BN ) / Y !
Does she bite anyone she knew from before ? Like , her kids maybe ?
These metrics are simplified , as natural immunity is not factored into N . Different compartmental epidemic models may provide different results !
Is there any of the old her left inside that shambling horror ? ?
I -
I wonder sometimes
A WEREWOLF TALE OF TERROR , by me , T - Rex .
One day Marty McFly got bit by a werewolf ! Marty McFly is having a difficult day .
Now he's a werewolf too !
" Great Scott ! " said Marty McFly , echoing his friend and mentor , Dr . Emmett Lathrop " Doc " Brown , Ph . D . " I'll miss the Battle of the Bands if I'm out being a werewolf attacking people ! But wait , wolves generally don't attack humans unless they're starving . Maybe I could just , like , buy some steaks in advance . I need to learn more about this , " said Marty , and then he time travelled ahead thirty years to 2015 !
There he could read Wikipedia , which was a thing now !
Oh no !
" A werewolf or lycanthrope ( from the Greek lycanthropos ) is a mythological creature with the ability to shapeshift into a wolf or therianthropic hybrid wolf - like creature " , he read ?
Oh no . Dude . You're PLAGIARIZING WIKIPEDIA in your MARTY MCFLY WEREWOLF FANFIC .
Literature has hit a new low !
What if I told you the Ninja Turtles show up later and Raph turns werewolf too , in order to better battle a vampiric Krang ? ?
LITERATURE HAS HIT A NEW HEIGHT , OMG
THE EROTIC VAMPIRE STORY , by me , T - Rex !
Steve was a man who liked his vampires like he liked his women :
POWERFULLY EROTIC ? ?
Luckily , he was in luck ! There was a vampire in front of him who was very erotic . If you were to rank her eroticness from 0 to 10 she would be a 10 probably . Her body was very " hot " in the metaphorical sense and Steve liked thinking sex - ideas about it . What would it be like to , you know , have sexual relations with her ? He kinda wanted to find out !
" He kinda wanted to find out ? "
He kinda did ! Honestly !
He decided to straight - up ask her to seduce him so he'd be naked and " ready " for sex . But the vampire bit him on the neck instead ! It was not erotic . Those bites KILL YOU . How is that sexy ? A dude died : put your boners away . God . Show some respect .
Oh . Okay .
THE END
COMPRESSED LITERATURE COMICS
Today's literature :
THE TELLTALE HEART , BY EDGAR ALLAN POE
I murdered up a senior citizen !
And then I stuffed the body under the floorboards !
I must say , I planned the murder well and pulled it off perfectly .
But can't you hear the accursed beating of his heart : a low , dull , quick sound , such as a watch makes when enveloped in cotton ? Is it not driving YOU INSANE ?
Ummmm , I can hear my SCIENCE TEXTBOOK telling me about AUDIBLE HALLUCINATIONS and how they AREN'T REAL ?
It's an audiobook , see .
Ah .
Yes , anyway , apropro of nothing , I'd just like to say that being a skeptic who relies on repeated and external verification has helped me a lot in life . Scientific method , baby ! Woooo !
Hooray for science !
THE END
PS : THE LESSON IS SCIENCE IS COOL , NOT THAT YOU CAN USE SCIENCE TO BE A MORE EFFECTIVE MURDERER
ALTHOUGH THAT LAST POINT DOES SEEM , LIKE , PRETTY OBVIOUS
I have invented a machine ! A machine that lets you send emails . . .
. . . TO THE FUTURE !
T - Rex , is this just a regular internet - enabled device combined with the facile observation that all emails , once sent , necessarily arrive in the future because they can't arrive in the past ?
I - um . . . yes ?
Man , y'all be hard to impress !
We've been burned before , dude !
Your time machine that goes through time but only at the rate of one second per second and only ever forward being the most recent example .
HEY . You set any future time and it will ABSOLUTELY BRING YOU THERE , as long as you keep both yourself and the machine in good working order .
It's not my fault that we all keep dying of old age OR WORSE before the future arrives ! !
. . .
Aw dang ! ! Dude , I just remembered how life is sad
How come it's rude to say " Don't let the door hit you on the way out " ? Sometimes doors close quickly and end up slappin' bums ! I'd like to be able to warn friends about doors without being SASSY / SARCASTIC .
I'd like to be able to warn friends about doors without being SASSCASTIC .
I can't say " welcome to the real world " when my friends are disillusioned , even though I might honestly be welcoming them to a illusion - free adulthood . And if someone says " Oh no my shoes are itchy " and I say " What do you want me to do about it ? " suddenly I'M the bad guy ! ! I was offering help , I just need direction !
I'M not the one who wears itchy shoes , lady .
Just avoid the sarcastic phrasing !
But HOW ?
These phrases are lexicalized , like words , and those words are filed under " SASSY MOLASSY " . But rephrase them and they lose that connotation !
" The door closes quickly , watch for it hitting you " .
Exactly !
And instead of " welcome to the real world ! " , " welcome to a place where incredibly terrible things can happen to you and your friends for no reason ! "
That actually made it worse .
I know , SOMETHING WENT WRONG
Hello , my name is Art !
OH MY GOSH ARE YOU ART PERSONIFIED , THE VERY ESSENCE OF PAINTINGS , SCULPTURE , AND MUSIC GIVEN FORM ? ?
No , my name is just " Art " .
OH MY GOSH
LATER :
And then he tried to say that it was short for " Arthur " and I said " Oh okay , like when people go to museums to look at visual Arthur " and he got mad and left .
Cool story , T - Rex !
It's the coolest , I know ! ! It's so cool !
T - Rex , what if instead of a man named " Art " there was a woman named . . . " Science " ?
AHHHHH
If I met a lady named Science I would be SO INTO HER . She'd get spillover love just because her name reminds me of something I already like ! We couldn't NOT be friends !
Well , unless she didn't like you .
Hah !
LATER , T - REX MEETS A WOMAN NAMED " HAMBURGER BUFFET " :
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
BABY YOU WANNA COME OVER AND WATCH A MOVIE OR WHAT
Phantom islands are not islands populated exclusively by ghosts !
UNFORTUNATELY .
Rather , they're islands that we thought existed , but then when we checked 'em out again they weren't there . Were they pulled beneath the waves by Poseidon's watery hand ? Were they perhaps . . . STOLEN ? DID SOMEONE HEIST AN ENTIRE ISLAND ? ?
No , in the vast majority of cases they were never there to begin with .
Reality : boring sometimes !
So why did we think they were there in the first place ?
Lots of reasons !
Well , no , one reason really : early on a ship reported seeing land there and we put it on maps , but in that time period we didn't know about optical illusions or how sailors lie sometimes . That's all !
Huh . I'm glad we had this talk .
Me too !
THE END
LISTEN , WHOEVER TOLD YOU " LEARNING IS FUN " FORGOT TO PREFACE IT WITH " ONLY SOMETIMES WILL YOU FIND THAT "
" Our hypothesis states we're better at using wooden sticks to direct the motion of a vulcanized rubber puck across a surface with a friction coefficient of 0 . 15 ! " some scientists claim , and then the other scientists reply " NUH UH ! ! "
Since they're scientists , they decide to run a series of controlled experiments to see which " team " is the best . And to ensure they're held to the highest standards of accuracy , professional independent observers are employed ( called " referees " as they may be used as references in the resulting paper ) AND the experiments are performed in front of a stadium chock - full of amateur observers too !
Science is really popular so this makes sense .
Suppose I'd like to observe such an experiment but cannot afford a ticket ?
Not a problem !
Demand is high , so scientists have taken the extraordinary step of broadcasting their process live on TV . You can go to bars and watch the experiment unfold with other fans who are rooting for the same hypothesis you are , cheering as the results come in !
Delightful !
The downside is it's hard to control external variables , so the experiments repeat quite often . But that's good for us , because it just means more science !
Also the scientists get way ripped from all the science they're doing and that can be PRETTY DISTRACTING , y'all .
When I grow up I want to be . . . AN ASTRONAUT !
That's right , ladies ! I'ma float in SPACE ! !
BECOMING AN ASTRONAUT TAKES YEARS OF TRAINING AND NOT ONCE HAS ANYONE EVER DECIDED TO BECOME ONE AT YOUR AGE AND SUCCEEDED
. . . Oh .
Oh .
Guess I missed the boat on that one , huh ? ?
Guess I should just GIVE UP ON EVERYTHING , HUH ? ?
Not so fast , dude !
The commercial spaceflight industry is growing quickly , and there's a chance - small , but non - zero - that spaceflight will become affordable before you die .
Sweet !
But that's ONLY if you die years from now AND spend all your time until then investing your money carefully .
THIS COMIC BROUGHT TO YOU BY RICH PEOPLE WHO WILL SOON BE ABLE TO GO INTO SPACE WHENEVER THEY WANT
MUST BE NICE
" Eureka ! I've invented something annoying and of marginal utility but will outlive its useful lifespan by decades ! " - John Faxmachine
HE DIED ALONE AND NOBODY CRIED , THE END .
Later on , Jane Cigarettelighterincardashboards made a similar prediction when she said " I've invented a way to have a lighter in a car , which will eventually be clumsily adapted as a power outlet , requiring clunky adapters as no other plug in the world is shaped this way . This is way better than just putting actual sockets in the car , or maybe a USB port . "
And let us not forget this year's lifetime achievement winner , Edna Q . Yellowpages !
Of course !
She's like a crappy Santa , every year delivering a useless book of ads that nobody wants , ignoring everyone's requests to stop . Her award is a statue of a shot - in - the - head zombie who JUST WON'T DIE .
Congrats , Edna . We'll throw the award on your porch .
Today we celebrate these innovators who made life slightly more convenient for a little while , but then made life much more inconvenient for a lot longer . They're a part of our heritage .
We can't get rid of them !
Nobody knows why ! !
Let's play 20 questions , God ! I'm thinking of something . Ask me a yes - or - no question and I'll -
IT'S A PUPPY
OMG
NEVER PLAY GAMES WITH GOD
Let's play 20 questions , Dromiceiomimus ! Ask me a yes - or - no question and I'll -
Is it Batman ?
OMG
NEVER PLAY GAMES WITH PEOPLE WHO KNOW YOU LIKE BATMAN
Let's play 20 questions , Utahraptor !
Sure !
Although 20 yes - or - no questions allow only 20 bits of information to be communicated , so the most objects I'll be able to distinguish between is 1 , 048 , 576 . Since far more exist in the world this game is unfair , HOWEVER , my questions will be structured to reduce the search space by half each turn to maximize my chances .
Utahraptor , you've turned a Victorian parlour game into a well - defined computer science and information theory search space problem !
Well , I -
THIS IS AWESOME AND YOU ARE AWESOME TOO
AHHHHHH
We enter a world where the internet never got invented . Broadcast media , like fries , rules supreme !
That's a reference to " fries supreme " which have like , sour cream on them ?
Anyway , who cares ! Into this world steps an INTERDIMENSIONAL TIME TRAVELLER , who comes from OUR world . She tracks down the Google founders ( all working together at Subway Restaurants ) and tells them that their first , best destiny is to be doing internet stuff ! " In - ter - net ? " they say , pronouncing each syllable oddly so it's really clear this first time they've heard the world . " Is that one of the 7 fresh toppings available at every Subway location ? ? "
This story would be stronger if it didn't mention Subway so much !
Bah !
That sounds like the complaint of someone who DOESN'T intend to win the Subway Restaurants Alternate - History " Think Fresh ! " Fiction Challenge !
Oh crap ! Has that started ? !
Yep ! And like the contest rules say : " It's not selling out : it's subbing in ! "
My ending has the Google guys inventing the internet , but instead of http : / / www . website . com it's " i'mhungryforsubs : / / yaysubs . website . stillbigintosubsoverhere " !
Yep !
If this doesn't win me a free footlong I'll burn every Subway to the ground !
Let's assume that the physical world exists ! And let's assume what I'll call " humans " live in this actual for - real physical world .
Let's be CRAZY ! !
And let's further assume that these " humans " can interact with this physical world , AND that they can trust their senses reporting on these interactions .
And to make it interesting let's assume these " humans " are conscious ! Each and every one !
Sure ! Why not , right ? And let's assume that causality and time are experienced by " humans " as linear , constantly progressing phenomena !
These are some pretty fantastic assumptions !
I know , right ?
But this thought experiment results in " humans " who believe the physical world is real and who interact with it , AND who believe everyone else is conscious and who interact with THEM , but who hilariously can't go back in time to fix even a single mistake . A race both responsible for their actionas and wholly unable to change them !
It's a great premise ! I might use it as the basis of a book series . And if this turns out to be a bad idea years down the line , I'll just go back and decide not to do this after all ! Hah hah hah ! I LOVE REALITY
Alright dudes , let's find out once and for all why bad things can happen to good peopl - -
HOW COME WE'RE ADDRESSING DUDES
Um , because I'm surrounded by only the must dudeliest of bros ? !
YEAH BUT DOESN'T THE WORD DUDES TECHNICALLY EXCLUDE WOMEN
No man ! I'm using " dudes " in the gender - neutral sense ! Y'all be dudes !
AND YOU'RE ALSO USING BROS IN THE GENDER - NEUTRAL SENSE
Of course , bro !
AND MAN AS WELL
Yeah man !
But it's fair because when I say " chicks " I'm not ONLY addressing women !
Oh ?
Absolutely ! If I say " Hey chicks , check out my pecs " I'm addressing both the mascu - chichs and the femi - chicks ! EVERYONE'S gotta check these pecs out .
Hey .
They'll change your life .
You probably can't tell from over there but right not they're -
- they're bouncing up and down a little .
Attention , all English language users ! And if you're not ACTUALLY sure if you're an English user , if you can understand me right now , YOU TOTALLY ARE .
I have discovered that English is missing a dang word !
Suppose I write parody lyrics to a song , in my case hilariously changing " I Can't Get No Satisfaction " to " I Can't Get No . . . CELL RECEPTION " . This works REALLY WELL because my parody lyrics rhyme with the original ! It's much more satisfying for a listener than " I Can't Get No . . . More Than 2 Bars On This Crap - Ass Phone " , yes ?
Um -
Yes !
English doesn't have a word for " parody lyrics that rhyme with the lyric it's parodying " !
And we need it ?
If you want to write a good parody OR talk about what makes a good parody , absolutely ! Therefore , I propose " alternate - timeline metarhyme " .
That's a phrase , not a word .
Therefore , I propose " alternativetimelinemetarhyme " .
T - REX LEARNS THIS IS HOW NOUNS ACTUALLY WORK IN GERMAN :
Damn it , English ! We need to close the compound noun gap ! !
* ahem *
WE NEED TO CLOSE THE COMPOUNDNOUNGAPTHATMAKESOURLANGUAGELOOKLIKEABEGINNERLANGUAGEFORSTUPIDBABIES
HOW DO CITIES ?
What ?
How do cities what ?
How do cities . . . get build ? Thrive ? Grow ? Manage disparate community interests ? ?
How do cities get food in 'em ?
How do cities get so smelly , and home come too ? ?
Hello ! How do [ you do , ] cities ?
Look , we should just admit it : we're in over out heads here . If someone ever asks us " how do cities " again we'll just reply with " Quite well thanks " and drop the mic and leave .
We'll have to carry a mic with us at all times .
" Have to ? " Dude . " GET to . "
LATER :
Hello , I am interested in purchasing drop - resistant microphones in bulk ?
Ah , sir is clearly a connoisseur of the emerging art of prop - based physical punctuation .
SIR WAS BORN FOR THIS , YO
In my new video game , you control a lady named " Mary Oh " . She's of Chinese descent , which explains her awesome name ! But her boyfriend has been kidnapped !
You and your half - sister Lucy " Lu " Igi have to save him !
But as you set out to rescue your boyfriend , Prince Estoban , you start to notice every enemy you face , from the Goombas to the Hammer Sisters to the Lakitus : they're all women . Even the bullets fired at you , which you'd expect to be genderless , are named " Bullet Belle " . There's not a single man in this game , besides your kidnapped boyfriend !
This is just Mario with genders flipped !
Hah ! " JUST " .
And the Prince is kidnapped by " Bowsella " ?
Nope ! I ripped off something way more awesome !
It turns out he's not kidnapped at all , he just left without leaving a note and got his OVER ONE THOUSAND EVIL EXES to fight you . And YES that means he's a guy who's had sex with mushrooms and turtles and - like bullets ?
Don't look at me . He's YOUR boyfriend , Mary .
I call my game " Super Mary Oh And The Slutty Dude " !
Subtitle : " Oh Mary , No Girl , You're Better Than This "
Publishers be all , " Boo hoo , how do we get kids reading ? How can we compete with video games when they've got exploding heads and chainsaw arms , hey , do you wanna play some video games real quick while we talk about this ? ? "
The answer is simple :
Um , MAKE BOOKS MORE AWESOME ? ?
Might I suggest " Pilgrim's progress . . . Into The Terrible Depths Of Space " , " Gulliver's Travels . . . Into The Terrible Depths Of Space " , or " Alice's Adventures In Wonderspace " ? And if space doesn't float your boat , then at least punch things up a notch ! " Things Explode Apart " , The Gale In The Willows " , and " Lord of the Lord of the Rings / Flies " would outsell their less - awesome counterparts by at least a million to one .
" Charlotte's Larger Web of Deadly Munitions " ?
Now you're catching on !
I felt crazy when I found this out , but it LITERALLY costs the same to print " Mother died today " and " Mother died fighting the Zergon fleet commander today " . Are you talking notes Camus ? ?
Camus is dead .
Before I could fix his greatest work ? How tragic ! !
LATER . T - REX PUBLISHES " TO KILL A WHOLE FRIGGIN' SPECIES OF MOCKINGBIRDS , BUT WATCH OUT : THE BOSS MOCKINGBIRD IS ONLY VULNERABLE TO LASER FIRE WHEN HE'S STUNNED " .
I gave away the best tip in the title !
: (
FINE . So my explosion - themed remakes don't sell because everyone's big into sequels now . But I can roll with the times ! * ahem *
If you liked " Where The Wild Things Are " , you'll love my new sequel , " Where The Wild Things Were " !
PREQUELS ARE IN NOW
Well you'll LOVE my prequel " Where The Wild Things Are Going To Be " !
My market researach ALSO suggests y'all gonna be big into " The Approaching - Great Gatsby " , " The Middle - Aged Man And The Sea " , " Moderate Expectations " , " Littler Women ( They're Getting Bigger Though ) " , and " Quiet Down Back There ! Soon We'll Be On The Road " .
I'm sensing a formula in your books .
I'M sensing excitement in the marketplace for this bold and innovative new series ! !
You're not the only one who can write prequels ! I'll make millions with " 1983 " !
Bah !
Like that'll outsell MY " Medical Student Jekyll " or " The Catcher In The Empty Field That Has Just Been Planted With Rye " .
AS IF anyone would read that when they can read MY " A Tale Of wo Small Villages " and " The Adventures Of Huckleberry Finn , Precocious Toddler " ! !
And you'll never beat " The Puppy of the Baskervilles " !
Easy , with MY Kafkaesque " The Pre - Trial Conference " !
Which will in turn be defeated MY Nabokov - tastic " Newborn Baby Lolita " ! !
. . .
YEP , LET'S NEVER SPEAK OF THIS AGAIN
Cramming chocolate bars into ice cream
OMG , that's a brilliant idea !
OMG , what if that's my last brilliant idea ? What if I just honestly had my last great idea , and from here on out it's all duds ? ?
I don't think that's likely , T - Rex .
Because it's more likely I'll have INFINITY good ideas ? I'll just be a good idea factory until my body GIVES OUT from the stress of CONSTANT BRILLIANCE ? ?
Dude , calm down !
AHHHHHHHHH
You might've had your last BRILLIANT idea , but you've still got your Just Okay ideas ! You'll be able to milk those for a while . Ad when you're done , there'll always be your Bad Ideas , your Terrible Ideas , your Ideas That A Baby Could Come Up With And That Same Baby Would Be Driven To Dismiss Them As Stupid .
ABOUT ME :
ON A TYPICAL FRIDAY NIGHT I AM :
Sliding into mediocrity
I SPEND A LOT OF TIME THINKING ABOUT :
don't set up dating profiles when you're sad because i
YOU SHOULD MESSAGE ME IF :
found out it doesn't really help
I'm pals with Dromiceiomimus . It's a good start . But imagine if I could find a DromiceiomimER to be friends with ? !
And then a dromiceiomimest ! ! !
Then I'd have the complete set , see ! LIFE WOULD BE PERFECT .
I'm still looking for and R - Rex and an S - Rex to complete my pal set .
Ummmm YOU SHALL NEVER FIND THEM ON ACCOUNT OF HOW I AM THE ONLY ONE WITH THIS AWESOME NAME FORMAT , THANKS IN ADVANCE .
Are you looking for a Utahraptand too ?
What ? No . OHHHH WAIT , I GET IT
UtahraptOR , UtahraptAND . Hah hah . No , I was gonna go more in a UtahSLOWJAMStor / UtahRAPtor direction . I'm hoping some other friend will change their name to it for me . My birthday is coming up ! !
Hmm . . . like everyone , I do like a good slow jam .
T - REX HAVE YOU MET MY BROTHERS FOD AND HOD
Wait , that makes you . . . the middle child ?
THAT MAKES ME THE ONE DUDE WHOSE NAME DOES'T MAKE HIM SOUND LIKE A FRIGGIN HOBBIT
ZING
Did you know that mass extinctions happen REGULARLY in our past ? Like , every 27 million years or so , a bunch of life on Earth just DIES . This is not a joke . This actually happens .
SUSPICIOUS , yes ?
CONSPIRACY THEORY COMICS
Aren't they just asteroid impacts , T - Rex ?
That happen regularly over 500 million years ? Hah ! PLEASE . Asteroids strike at unpredictable intervals , not according to some cosmic clock !
So what do you propose : divine intervention ?
No . My friend , I propose nothing less than CONSPIRACY .
Someone's attacking us from . . . space ?
Not someone : someTHING . An entity known only as NEMESIS .
A red dwarf star in SECRET ORBIT around OUR OWN SUN . Every 27 million years it returns , disturbs comets in the Oort cloud , and death rains down from the skies . All life on our planet , eternally cursed by a single wayward star .
And the clock is ticking .
LATER T - REX FINDS OUT THIS IS AN ACTUAL SCIENTIFIC HYPOTHESIS CALLED " THE NEMESIS HYPOTHESIS " :
Well ! That's awesome .
On a side note , I see nothing wrong with a petition to replace " hypothesis " with " conspiracy theory " in all the hard sciences ?
You die and you go to heaven ! And in heaven you get to live without suffering and all your old pets are there too . Geez . There may be dozens of pets running around . There's way more here than you can reasonably care for .
And THAT means you start having to choose favourites !
But that's kinda awful because OBVIOUSLY all the pets would want to be your favourite , and this is THEIR heaven too - so instead let's say your mind has been altered to remove favouritism and any dreams of doing things that aren't caring for long - dead pets ! But that's changing your personality which is basically the death of self , so - let's say that doesn't happen either .
Hmm .
Perhaps there's a personal heaven for each person ?
YES .
And everyone ELSE in that heaven is an illusion constructed to maximize your pleasure , and therefore there's a separate heaven for each sentient being .
But then you're just seeing simulations of your friends : an eternity trapped with fake people on a holodeck you can't control .
T - REX HAVE YOU GOTTEN TO THE POINT WHERE YOU REALIZE IF ALL DOGS GO TO HEAVEN THEN ALL SPIDERS POO - BUGS AND BLOOD PARASITES MAKE IT TOO
Not . . . yet ?
SAVING THAT EPIPHANY FOR LATER HUH
FACT : senior citizens are fragile . You can't shove them around or nothing !
FACT : babies are fragile too ! They're like - glass people !
So we start out fragile and we end up fragile , but there's this sweet spot in the middle where we've got massively awesome skeletal integrity and sweet muscles and it's FULLY POSSIBLE for us to ramp motorcycles off boats successfully . Our bodies are ready .
And have you ramped any such sick rides off boats ?
NO ! !
You'd better do it soon , dude ! Clock's a - tickin' !
I KNOW , I KNOW !
I keep meaning to , but I'm also super busy with all my ADULT RESPONSIBILITIES . Why have we structured society so that that as soon as you can do all the awesome stuff , you're WAY TOO BUSY to actually do it ? We should get years 20 to 40 off , inclusive ! Youth isn't wasted on the young ! GOING TO WORK IS .
I'm you from the future , t - Rex ! I'm an ancient senior now and everything hurts , but I still have to work every day !
Do you regret anything ?
What the hell kind of question is that anyway
Ah , the age - old question : what do women want ?
OXYGEN
THE OBVIOUS EXCEPTION BEING WOMEN WHO DO NOT RESPIRATE OXYGEN
No , when I say " what do women want " I mean -
An organized body !
Also homeostasis , a higher anabolism rate than their catabolism rate , and the abilities to change over time in response to their environment and to respond to stimuli , usually through motion !
HELLO , THESE ARE THE CHARACTERISTICS OF ALL LIFE .
Are women not alive ?
If you prick them , do they not adjust the regulation of their internal state ? If you wrong them , shall they not consider revenge , if indeed they possess the ability to perform that act and consider speculative futures ?
Dude I just wanna smooch on a pretty face
Hello future generations ! Depending on how far in the future you live you may know me as a senior citizen or even a combination skeleton / ghost , but at the time I'm saying these words I'm a young dude ! I'm young and cool !
I'm kissin' on babes , like - often ! !
I mention this only to establish my credentials as a dude who is worth listening to . And today I come to you with a question , future generations : PRECISELY HOW SICK ARE YOUR VIDEO GAMES ? ?
They're probably pretty sick , huh ?
They're like - mad sicky ? They're so great that you're like " ahh , so sick ! ! " ?
Are you . . . expecting an answer ?
I should make that more clear !
Please let me know how sick your video games are , future generations , by sending a message back in time to this precise moment . Riiiiight now . Now .
. . .
No dice , dude .
OH MY GOD THE VIDEO GAMES WERE TOO SICK TO TAKE A BREAK FROM , AHHHHH , THE FUTURE RULES
AHHHHHHH
I CAN'T WAIT TO LIVE THERE AND BE OLD , BUT ALSO COOL , DUE TO MY CONTINUED INTEREST IN YOUTH CULTURE
When writing was first invented , there were only , like , a handful of books .
Like , one , I guess .
There was a point in time where you could read every book ever written !
Now you can't even read every book CURRENTLY IN PRINT : way too many enter every year ! Maybe you could read every book printed in a single year , if you spent your entire life doing it ?
2 . 2 million unique titles are printed each year , dude ! That's 100 books per day , assuming 60 years of reading ! And you'd probably wanna stop reading to bone down on hotties at some point !
Aha ! But waht if I only read the English ones ?
That's still over 20 books per day .
DANG , Y'ALL .
Well , we're officially creating culture faster than anyone can consume it .
That's not the worst part . Even if only ONE SINGLE COPY of each of these 2 . 2 million titles is printed , that's still 2000 CUBIC METERS of space that's now filled with book .
People are always SO DOWN on burning books but they forget that a dude need space for like , crops and junk !
This madness must end ! TO THE LIBRARY ! !
( VIA THE TORCH STORE )
My superspy character , Angola Maldives , was on another mission ! But it had gone poorly and he got captured by the bad guy , one Turkmenistan " Stan " Barents . " Geez Stan , why you gotta be such a DICK ? ? " Angola said .
Sheesh ! This instantly raised the rating of our story from G to PG - 13 !
" Ah , Mr . Maldives : why such uncalled - for rudeness ? " Stan replied calmly . " I'll show you rude , you asswipe ! " Angola replied , and again our rating was raised , this time to NC - 17 . Stan gaped at him . " One more cuss out of you , Mr . Maldives , and this will be an R - rated story ! " he replied . " You are a big fuc - - " Angola began , but then Stan taped his mouth shut .
Phew !
I know , right ? ?
But then Angola started shimmying out of his clothes !
MALE NUDITY ? ?
I know ! This caused the story's rating to pause only briefly at " R " before rocketing past " X " , " XX " , and even " XXX " !
What's past " XXX " ?
I have no idea ! Oh , if only I could control Angola , but this character is a maverick who plays by his own rules !
His trade is death itself ! The only rules he respects are the rules of the street , which are quite different than the more familiar rules of the road you may already have studied ! !
Where's Stan during all this ?
He dropped out of this project when the nudity started ! !
Hello and welcome to Wow I Guess You Just Had A Kid : Parenthood 101 . Raise your hand if your actions have caused a tiny alive person to come out of your body , or the body of someone else !
Those with your hands down : you are looking for Remedial Sexual Education ( This Is How Boinking Works ) !
It's an easy mistake to make - it's just across the hall . Those of you remaining with a hand raised , please now raise your other hand and clap them together above your head for our guest speaker , Dromiceiomimus .
Hello . You've all done something you can never legally take back .
Thank you Dromiceiomimus . Utahraptor ?
Greetings , class ! Greetings , T - Rex :
In my section we'll be talking about the UPSIDES to parenthood , including how babies are like dogs that you get to dress up , and also the dog eventually learns how to talk , so you can hang out with your talking dog .
Only they're not dogs .
Yes but let's pretend .
Eventually your talking dog will be old enough to buy you presents , mow the lawn , and pay for its own food . If you're lucky , it'll even take care of you in your old age . Aww !
GOOD DOG ! !
THE GOOSE THAT LAID THE GOLDEN EGG : A FAIRY TALE
Once upon a time there was a goose that laid golden eggs ! The farmer who owned the goose was getting super rich , but she also had some questions !
Questions like " what energy is required by the goose in order to facilitate this apparent transmutation ?
She began a regime of careful observations ! After a few weeks she had a few data points . ONE : the goose was not eating any gold . so it must be produced internally . TWO : Gold produced / ( food consumed + body mass lost ) = 5 % = a transmutation efficiency equation . And THREE : other geese feeding in the same area would not produce golden eggs . So she concluded , quite rightly , that the phenomenon was related to the goose itself !
And she couldn't breed it , because all its eggs were solid gold .
Exactly .
The only way left to learn more was dissection ! So for science , she gave up a source of great personal riches . UNFORTUNATELY , she lived i a world with primitive scientific instruments , and without microscopes and cellular analysis she was unable to discover the production mechanism .
Nevertheless , her selfless actions stopped the gold market from collapse , saving her country from an economic catastrophe and decades - long recession . She is remembered today as a great woman and an early proponent of the scientific method .
THE END
Hello , and thanks for favouriting my tweet . So hey !
Why the hell did you favourite my tweet ? ?
It said " Going home for dinner ! ! ! " Is it because you . . . like dinner ? Is it because you thought you might want to peruse your favourites by the fireplace in your old age , come across this ancient post and say " Ah yes , this brings me back to that ENTIRELY UNFORGETTABLE TIME " ?
I posted on Twitter when my uncle died and you didn't favourite that . What's your game here , champ ?
Maybe they only favourite unremarkable things !
See , that's what I thought !
But then I did a search and I've posted variants of my dinner tweet OVER 15 TIMES and I've posted that exact tweet 3 times , and they've never favourited it before . I dunno .
I may just give up on social networking forever .
Oh my gosh !
THANK YOU !
When you become a vampire you become undead . Even though your body has died and your heart no longer pumps and lungs no longer breathe , you live still . Your brain is fine . Your intelligence is unaffected . You have not suffered a death og self .
Pretty sweet deal , babes !
But what if that delicate process that turns you from from mortal to vampire . . . failed ? What if something in this turning went wrong , even briefly ? We can suffocate to death in minutes , suffer brain damage in seconds . Suppose , during that transformation from a being who needs an active circulatory and respiratory system to survive to one who doesn't , there was a problem . Suppose your brain - everything that makes you YOU - died .
Why , you'd be left with an undead body but a dead brain !
SOUND LIKE ANYONE YOU KNOW ? ?
Utahraptor , I put to you that vampires and zombies ARE , IN FACT THE SAME BEING . Zombies are merely FAILED VAMPIRES , the deenerate case of that transformation process ! ! The thirst for blood , without an intellect to restrain it and refine it , becomes a mindless hunger for flesh !
Holy crap .
I KNOW . VAMPIRES JUST GOT AWESOME .
Y'ALL CAN THANK ME LATER
WITH , LIKE , LICENSING DEALS
There was a time when we didn't know which organ did what ! We cut open our bodies and we were like " whoah , THAT'S a hot mess . I have no IDEA what's going on in there . "
" Don't hassle me with your guts , bro ; I can't even begin to deal with that right now ! "
But then we got smart and figured it out ! This has been . . . A Tale of History .
If there was a time when we didn't know what organs did , wouldn't there also be a time when we didn't know how sex worked ?
OH DANG , there totally was ! Hah hah hah !
We were such losers ! !
Hah hah ! ZING !
" Duhh , where do babies come from ? "
" I don't know because the reproductive consequences of the sex act manifest only infrequently , and when they do it's a long time after the sex was performed ! Duhhhhh ! ! "
LATER , T - REX IS VISITED BY A TIME TRAVELLER FROM THE FUTURE :
" Duhhh , I don't know how cold fusion works and whenever my body dies my consciousness dies as well ! ! "
. . . That is an accurate representation of my whole deal , yes .
DATING PROFILE ADVICE FOR MEN
Hello men ! I looked at your dating profile sites and y'all be mad sucky ! Y'all be GENERIC DUDES that I don't want to know !
I'ma fix you up ! !
DON'T use bland generic descriptors , like saying you're " friendly " , " down to earth " , " quirky " , have a good sense of humor " , " enjoy movies " , " like reading " , or " love to laugh " . All of these are euphemisms for anal sex , by the way .
Yep !
As you suspected , everyone is having anal sex except you ! !
DO have a photo of you with a celebrity or dog in a fireman's hat !
Hah hah ! WHERE'D HE GET THAT HAT ? ?
Don't say you can't live without your air or food . Everyone has mad this joke , plus , YOU JUST TOLD EVERY MURDERER YOUR WEAKNESS . Not smart .
DON'T mention your skills at oral sex . There's no way for a complete stranger to volunteer " I'm good at sex with face " and not be creepy , yo .
Congratulations , men ! If you followed all this advice , you now have a profile that will be very attractive to me , a heterosexual man ! !
Yaaaaaay
Many a great work of literature has been written , but until their endings have all sucked !
They have all sucked like whoah !
And the REASON these endings have all sucked like whoah is that every single great work of literature employs endings that don't suddenly throw in a SURPRISE TWIST that instantly calls into question your very conception of reality . Anyway , I fixed 'em .
You fixed . . . literature ?
At least all the copies at the library , yep !
T - Rex , have you been to the library ?
Tee hee !
I'm asking because my copy of Gone With The Wind ends with " After all , tomorrow is another day . OR IS IT ? ? " . And my copy of The Great Gatsby says " So we beat on , boats against the current , borne back ceaselessly into the past . OR DO WE ? AHHHH WHO KNOWS ? ? "
Well they sound great .
" The scar had not pained Harry for 19 years . All was well . OR WAS IT ? ? " - I love it ! Can you write the new sequels for me ?
I'd be happy to . So ! Harry's the wizard kid who never properly exploits his friend's time machine , right ?
You know what they say : you can't take it with you ! You can't always get what you want ! You can't teach an old dog new tricks ! But you probably DON'T know this little factoid :
THESE SAYINGS ARE ALL REFERRING SPECIFICALLY TO YOU , CHAMP .
That's right , Dromiceiomimus ! We all started gossiping when we noticed how bad you are at senior dog training , and also your incompetence at leaving a room with something in your hands . You simply can't take things with you .
Dang it , I always suspected this was so
It's my understanding these sayings actually refer to you , T - Rex !
* gasp *
YOU can't keep a good man down : we all know it because everyone's seen you try and fail . You totally suck at judging books by their covers , which the rest of us find trivial . Finally , you're unable to fix stupid OR fight city hall .
Can I tough this ?
No . You can't touch this .
THE END
Quick ! Name a mathematician who did their best work past the age of 40 !
You can't , can you ?
There you have it : math is an exercise in pure thought , and nobody's brilliant at it once they get old : PROOF that our minds get all soft and sloppy once we get old ! We should all fear aging as the slow death of self : T - REX OUT .
I actually can't name ANY mathematicians . Is there one named Steve . . . Multiplication ?
. . . I mean , it seems likely .
You know what the top two prizes for math are ?
The Emmymatics and the Mathemoscar !
No , they're the Fields Medal and the Abel Prize , and the Fields Medal only goes to people under 40 . That's part of what perpetuates this myth of " nobody over 40 is good at math " .
Okay . Has anyone over 40 won the Abel prize ?
I don't want to talk about it .
ONE FINAL QUESTION . The actual gold Fields Medal prize you get : is it known as " the Fields Metal " ?
I believe not .
Then I'm going home and math is a waste of time forever . SORRY ; IT'S TOTALLY TRUE
One of the main advantages of brain transplants ( or body transplants , depending on how you look at it ! ) is you get a fun new bod that's not like your old one . But one of the main issues is scar tissue !
Scarred nerve tissue doesn't transmit signals well !
So even if you get a brain transplant without dying , you'd end up being left in a body you couldn't move . This , my friends , is SUBOPTIMAL . Also , the brain is a super sensitive organ and gets damaged really quickly if it doesn't get oxygen . Therefore , brain transplants : super hard . We've never pulled one off here in the mortal world . But what if you had a brain that didn't NEED oxygen ? What if you had a body that didn't FORM scar tissue ?
Vampires ?
VAMPIRES .
It's EASY to do a vampire / vampire brain transplant ! And since their bodies won't reject any foreign materials , you can just wire up nerves manually with like , tungsten . It'll take time but who cares ? It's not like your patients can DIE .
This - this COULD be what vampires actually do !
Dude , if you could swap into a hot new bod - maybe with different junk - what's the first thing you'd do ?
Have sex .
And what do vampires do like ALL THE TIME ? ?
Have se - - OH MY GOSH
THIS IS TOTALLY WHAT VAMPIRES ACTUALLY DO
Leonardo da Vinci ! Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart ! William Shakespeare ! These are all people we now consider to be GREAT . And get used to them , everyone , because we are the last generation where great people are possible !
The only reason we call these people " great " is because we forgot their flaws !
But ours is a generation buried under the bloat of ubiquitous surveillance . Future biographies will read " Zygor was the great man who led Earth to victory against the Saturnians . NSA records show he was big into cats who wondered if they " can has a cheeseburger " , which was old meme even back in 2025 . His porn consumption usually happened between the hours of 1 and 2 am . He most often searched for " boobz 4 doodz " .
Greatness requires blindness , and we know WAY too much about everybody now !
COUNTERPOINT !
Everyone still thinks Mozart was a great man EVEN THOUGH we now know he was big into scatology !
MAYBE he appreciated a nice behind , but that doesn't -
Dude wrote a song called " Lick Me In The Arse " and wrote " shit in your bed and make it burst [ for me ] " to his COUSIN .
SOON :
Leonardo da Vinci ! Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart ! William Shakespeare ! These are all people we now consider to be GREATLY INTO BUTTS . And there's no shame in that !
History is FULL of choice , unlicked rumps ! !
it is likely that most people operating on the world stage have touched with romantic intent a butt not their own } }
Stories GUARANTEED To Make You Say , " Ahhhh , So Scary " ! - by me , T - Rex !
One time a dude went to sleep alone in a scary zone , like , a cave , or a spooky abandoned cabin .
Outside , a really bad storm raged ! Yikes !
SOMEHOW , he survived the night , and when the dude woke up the next morning , he checked his phone .
And ?
It was hard to get reception where he was ! He was really annoyed because he liked to check Twitter first thing in the morning and now he couldn't . He went back to his regular home and checked Twitter there .
And ? AND ? ?
There was nothing great on Twitter .
Several days later he was going through his phone pictures -
- AND FOUND CREEPY PICTURES OF HIM SLEEPTING IN THE SCARY ZONE ? ?
No , there were some nice shots of his cat that he took before . If you enjoyed this story , say " Ahhhh , So Scary " !
However , if you did NOT enjoy this story , express your displeasure by saying " Ahhhh , So Scary " ! !
CHECK AND MATE , HATERS
WE'RE PLAYING CHESS NOW , HATERS
Stories GUARANTEED To Make You Say , " Ahhhh , So Sexy " ! ? by me , T - Rex !
One time a hot person had a sexual encounter of the type you enjoy , and it was sexy ! It was super rad and sexy !
That's it , the end ! Story's over !
I like details in my erotic fiction , T - Rex . How hot is this person ? What makes them hot ? What are they doing with their lives ? What are their interests ? How did they feel before , during , and after ?
GOD . Fine , here's your answer : very , their secondary sexual characteristics , making a sex time , getting down to the business of sex , good then better then good again .
But like , what are they like when they're NOT having sex ?
GOD . FINE .
Okay , she's a woman . She is hot because of her , I dunno , hair . She's a mammal now too . She wants to be a movie star , but right now she lives on a stupid farm .
Good , good ! Now flesh out the world and add some supporting characters . Show us WHY she wants to have the sexy times !
LATER , T - REX COMPLETES HIS STORY AND IT TURNS OUT TO BE A PERFECT , WORD - FOR - WORD DUPLICATE OF " OF MICE AND MEN " :
Aha !
So THAT'S how Steinbeck did it ! !
" Stories GUARANTEED To be Read Alone , In Silence , With A Fake Cover Over The Book " ! - by me , T - Rex !
These stories are really embarrassing , so you won't want to be caught reading them !
I'm talking " How To Stop Peeing Yourself On Public Transit For Dummies " embarrassing !
I'm not going to read your stories , T - Rex , but I WILL endorse your idea of fake dustjackets for books . Like , one that says " LOL , Watch Me Tweet Using This Handheld Phone : Passing As a Temporal Local in North America , 2010 - 2020 " .
Ooh ! Or " One R - Rated Movie Ticket , Please : How You , A Trenchcoat , And Your Two Best Friends Can Do All The Cool Things Grown - Ups Won't Let You " !
" 256 Pictures Of Cool Bugs "
" So Here's What I Think A Lady's Boob Looks Like "
" Hey Everyone ! ! The Person Reading This Book Is Illiterate and Just Pretending To Read , Nobody Tell Them This Title Broadcasts Their Secret To Everyone Around Them ! "
" Ten Hats To See Before You Die "
" Things I Have Sat On : A Memoir "
" Boats ! I Like 'Em Fine ! "
" The UNAUTHORIZED GUIDE to the # 1 HIT Holodeck Program , SIM - PLANET : EARTH ! Tips , Tricks , And Hacks To Get The Most Out Of Interacting With The 7 Billion NPCs Who Really Think They're Alive ! "
" INCLUDES TIPS FOR THE SEXUAL DESIRE DLC ! ! "
OMG , I would never stop reading
Alright , world ! I'm putting myself out there ! Who wants to engage in sexual relations with me ? ? I am DTF .
That's right !
I am Down To Find ( sexual partners ) ! !
I mean , if you're serious , I absolutely wil -
WAIT ! Before you answer you should know that this will only work if we have compatible sexual orientations !
Okay . We do .
And compatible sexual interests !
Okay . I mean , we've done it before , but - maybe I'll just go to work then ?
Dude , you just totally blew it !
NOT SO FAST !
Before we even GET to that level , we should talk about boundaries : what's on and off the table ?
What ? No , I -
Are we really having this conversation ? Because I'll have it . I will straight up discuss sex acts with you , T - Rex .
SOON :
Hah hah
Oh my
LET'S FIX ALL THE PROBLEMS
The world is hella sweet , but it's full of problems too ! Maybe we should fix 'em , huh ?
Maybe we should've fixed 'em like hundreds of years ago , huh ? ?
But sometimes y'all are lazy , and that's fine . We'll just fix generations worth of problems now , and leave the world a better and problem - free place in the future ! No bigs , babies . We got this .
What about if we . . . make new problems ?
Someone's doing that ? Who's doing that ? ?
Are you doing that ? !
I've made a few problems , dude !
UTAHRAPTOR , NO .
I'm sorry ! I'm not proud of my problems , but they exist and we all need to acknowledge that .
DUDE , we all agreed earlier not to make problems . WE SIGNED A PIECE OF PAPER .
I know , I know ! I'll get my problems under control . Today . HONEST .
LATER , THE OCEANS BOIL AS THE EARTH TURNS TO FIRE :
UTAHRAPTOR , you said you'd get this under control ! !
I KNOW , I'M SORRY I'M SORRY
I have friends because I like them and I like them because they're fun and GUESS WHAT , I LOVE HAVING FUN .
WHY WOULD YOU BE FRIENDS IF IT'S NOT TO HAVE FUN ALL THE TIME ?
LATER :
T - Rex , I've been feeling down lately and I was hoping talking about it with a friend would help !
Oh geez , yes ! Of course , I would be happy to help !
Let's talk this out , Drotimes ! !
LATER :
T - Rex , can you help me move AGAIN ?
Sure , I'd be happy to !
LATER :
T - Rex , thanks for helping me move !
No problem ! Now is it finally time to have fun ? Now can I get what I want out of this friendship ?
Nope ! I gotta set all this stuff up ! But thanks !
LATER :
Whatever ! Turns out I've become emotionally invested in other people's happiness , so their happiness increases my own !
SUCK ON THAT , PAST ME
Come on guys , I just want to pay the bill and leave ! Why can't I find a waitress when I need one ?
T - REX YOU JUST USED A GENDERED PROFESSION NOUN
* gasp *
Daaang , I totally did ! I try not to , but sometimes a gendered professional noun slips through . Am I truly . . . A MONSTER ?
Dude , you say " firefighter " instead of " fireman " or " firewoman " . You're on the side of the angels .
Yeah , but that's because " firefighter " is way more awesome ! Words that have " fight " in them are awesome .
It's objectively true . So just apply it to other jobs , dude !
Oh my gosh YES .
Garbagemen become garbagefighters . Waitresses become waitfighters which is what they do in ideal situations ! If someone insists on calling you a " male nurse " , gently correct them and say the preferred term is " fight nurse " .
Manholes become FIGHTHOLES . Utahraptor . WE HAVE TO DO THIS .
I have said many things in my time , but what I say now I say with all sincerity and if you have even once considered listening to me , please , do so now :
WE HAVE TO FIGHT IN HOLES .
Let's talk about our regrets !
Hah ha , wait wait , nevermind .
Let's forget our regrets forever ! !
HEY , HERE'S AN IDEA : let's spend our lives believing we always said the right things , kissed the right people and made very single choice correctly . Doesn't that sound nicer ? Like , way nicer to the ultimate max ?
Pretty sure that sounds way nicer to the ultimate max , everyone .
But regrets make us who we are !
Hah ! Good one !
I'm serious : remove your mistakes and what's left ? An overconfident person who never REALLY does anything wrong , and even when he makes mistakes he still has everything work out ever single time !
Yeah , it sure would suck to be James Bond and Superman and Batman ALL AT ONCE .
HEY WHY AREN'T I ON YOUR LIST OF PERFECT BEINGS
Um , SUPERMAN'S punched a criminal so hard they flew up into the sky and landed in jail ? ?
MAN GIMME FIVE SECONDS
HAHA THAT WAS ONE SURPRISED CRIMINAL
WOW
In Grand Theft Auto , you can walk up to any car , open the door , and steel it ! This is because nobody ever locks their car doors in Grand Theft Auto . The only question is . . .
Why ?
SAYS HERE IT'S BECAUSE OF GAMEPLAY CONCERNS
You are fired !
We need and IN - UNIVERSE EXPLANATION - and I have performed this feat ! Consider the universe of GTA : much like ours , exept for a single individual who is FUNCTIONALLY IMMORTAL . Police arrest him , he walks free . If he's shot / exploded / whatever , hospitals will restore him to perfect health no matter how bad the damage is : even if he jumps from an exploding helicopter and lands on another exploding helicopter !
But that's impossible ! We don't have that expertise !
I KNOW !
The hospitals aren't repairing him , friend : HE'S NOT GETTING HURT . He is a fallen god who has forgotten his true nature and whose exposure to mortals has made him chaotic , unpredictable . Everyone goes along and pretends he's a mortal too , hoping it will save them .
It will not .
And yes , the doors are locked - but not to a god ! Instead of Deus Ex Mechina , Rockstar has given the world its first and finest example of Deus Machinam vi Patefaciens , MULIERCULAE .
Um . . . " God Tearing Open The Machine " ?
God Tearing Open The Machine , LADIES .
In Super Mario Brothers , a mushroom turns you from Mario into Super Mario ! You double in size . Dudes and ladies : how is this EVEN POSSIBLE ? ?
Whoops ! Turns out , it's not !
What's actually happening is that Mario and Super Mario are SWITCHING PLACES . That mushroom isn't food , it's arcane magick - ancient , unknowable - that swaps whoever touches it with a larger , more powerful magical duplicate . It was originally developed by mages for use in warfare !
So where does Mario go ?
The name of this place has not reached our time .
But it is a land of desolation !
Filled with . . . ice cream and kittens ?
No ! FILLED WITH THE LOST SOULS OF THOSE WHO SWAPPED OUT AND NEVER SWAPPED BACK . Once Super Mario is there , he wants to stay . He gathers firepower , different suits : all to prevent him from swapping again . But if he fails , Mario returns : a Mario who now understands life is a gift , not to be traded away , but to be lived to the fullest .
THAT'S the true theme of Super Mario Brothers . Um - at least until Marioo dies and he has lots of extra lives and can do it all over again , so really if you don't live life to its fullest just try harder next time . Building theme in interactinve media can be a challenge , okay ?
Hello and welcome to I Am An Adult Who Wants To Know How To Cook Something For Dinner That Didn't Come Out Of A Box , Or Can , Or Arrive In A Powdered Form And Now I Just Have to Add Water .
Coming to this class was an important First Step !
Right now if you're hungry you grab a box of cereal , open the box , shove your arm in the box , grab a fist of cereal , and then cram the cereal into your mouth . I've got some bad news , and it's god's honest truth : COOKING WILL NEVER BEAT THAT . Cooking is for when you say " I plan to be hungry an hour from now , soI will spend my time from now until then preparing for this eventuality . "
Plus you can mess up cooking real easy
Exactly . Hence , pasta !
Pasta's easy to cook AND you can make it delicious by putting better foods on top of it ! Try putting some cheese on your pasta . The cheese will melt , and now you get to eat melted cheese . Doesn't that remind you of Pizza ?
YES class we are ALL AWARE that we could've microwaved a pizza pocket already .
Try putting some tomato sauce , red peppers , sausage and mushrooms on your pasta too . It's basically pizza , but you wont get yelled at for eating it five nights a week .
Yaaaay cooking !
Hello and welcome to I Am An Angry Person Who Doesn't Understand Why I'm Here
ARRRRRGGGGGGHHHH
Hah ! That's classic Angry People Who Don't Understand Why They're Here !
Now class , you may be angry and confused , but you should strive to rise above these instincts . Albert Einstein wasn't angry and confused ! He was smart and only angry SOMETIMES .
AHHH FRIG WHY AM I HERE ? !
See this is precisely the sort of attitude that got you in this class in the first place .
Professor Utahraptor , would you care to take the lead ?
Thank you , Professor T - Rex .
T - Rex , have you ever been angry and confused ?
Oh , certainly ! But eventually I STOPPED being angry and confused . It was real nice to stop being that for a while .
I recommend everyone try it .
AAAARRRRRGGGGGGHHHHHHH
Quiet at the back , or I'll transfer you to " I Am An Angry Person Who Sits In Garbage All The Time And Smells Like It Too : I'm Bad At Things " !
It'll go on your resume , dude ! Real talk ! !
Walk around town and you'll see for sale signs outside some houses and they are AMAZINGLY TERRIBLE . Here's what they don't have : the price of the house and the words " hey , maybe you should buy this house " .
Here's what they DO have : some random real - estate agent's name in a giant font .
And I'm sorry to be the one to break an ENTIRE INDUSTRY , but nobody cares about your name real - estate agents . There's a reason Coke is called Coke and not " John Pemberton's Weird Slurry " and Apple isn't called " Ronald Wayne " and McDonalds isn't called - okay this is a bad example , but you get my point .
And the reason is marketing ?
Hells yesses !
Unless your name is " Muscles X . Houseblaster " you can come up with WAY better branding than your friggin' name . I'm gonna be a real - estate agent and I'm gonna show ya'll how it's done .
I look forward to your signage .
As well you should .
HELLO I SEE YOU NOTICED THIS HOUSE HAS A NAKED DINOSAUR OUT FRONT
You should buy it already !
This House Costs $ 200 , 000 But If You Offer Less We'll Probably Accept That Too ! ! ( A Guy Died In It )
* * * YOU CAN HAVE SEX IN EVERY ROOM OF THIS HOUSE BUT ONLY IF YOU BUY IT FIRST * * *
So Professor Time invents a new machine , which she eponymously calls her " Time machine " ! And by amazing coincidence it DOES actually allow her to travel through time !
Nicely done , Professor Time !
So Professor Time " Time travels " ( which , again , is what she calls it every time she moves , but here luckily it DOES apply to moving through time as well ) to the future , where after she exits the " Time portal " ( what she calls doors after she uses them , but again , it applies in its other sense here too thankfully ) she explores mysteries of Time ( introspection , but she likes to go on walks while she does this so phew this too works in both senses ) .
Does she take anything back in time with her ?
Oh , absolutely !
Only when she takes items so they can go " back in Time " she's actually cramming them into her mouth ( which is where she believes the items originated ) , but as she is in fact returning to her original time while she does this , it all works .
Delightful .
SOON :
Good news , Professor ! My friend Utahraptor thought your story was delightful !
WELL IT'S ABOUT TIME .
Yes I do understand the basics of the stories I tell , thanks .
So Professor Time invents a new machine , which she eponymously calls her " Time machine " ! And by amazing coincidence it DOES actually allow her to travel through time !
Nicely done , Professor Time !
So Professor Time " Time travels " ( which , again , is what she calls it every time she moves , but here luckily it DOES apply to moving through time as well ) to the future , where after she exits the " Time portal " ( what she calls doors after she uses them , but again , it applies in its other sense here too thankfully ) she explores mysteries of Time ( introspection , but she likes to go on walks while she does this so phew this too works in both senses ) .
Does she take anything back in time with her ?
Oh , absolutely !
Only when she takes items so they can go " back in Time " she's actually cramming them into her mouth ( which is where she believes the items originated ) , but as she is in fact returning to her original time while she does this , it all works .
Delightful .
SOON :
Good news , Professor ! My friend Utahraptor thought your story was delightful !
WELL IT'S ABOUT TIME .
Yes I do understand the basics of the stories I tell , thanks .
In my new story , Professor Time teams up with her colleague , Doctor Space . Together , they are . . .
TIME AND SPACE .
Their combination house / fort is called the Space - Time Continuum , obviously ! !
It is so named because this house is a continuous sequence of rooms in which adjacent rooms are not perceptibly different from each other , although the extremes are quite distinct .
Sounds pretty plausible .
I know , right ? It was a big deal to construct , but they had The Time ( Prof Time is good at architecture AND referring to herself with the definite article ) . And they also had The Space !
But did they have The Money ? ?
* gasp *
Okay , dude , that's a great idea . Doc Space and Prof Time meet Secret Agent Money , who is loaded like whoah .
PLOT TWIST : the Professor and secret agent are never seen together , because ?
THEY'RE THE SAME PERSON : TIME IS MONEY
OH MY GOD , IT ALL FITS
I don't know about writing but I know what I like , and what I like is whole stories built around old sayings !
Then you'll love my story about squabbling roommates named " You " , called " You can't take it with You ! "
Yes . Yes , I BELIEVE I SHALL .
Most of the time , we avoid doing things that have a serious chance of hurting us ! Thanks , instinct for self - preservation !
You make skydiving more interesting !
But obviously there's risk in ALL sorts of things we do , even if we're not skydiving . I could choke when I eat a sammich or I could get hit by a satellite if I go outdoors !
And yet , you go outdoors often , and eat sammiches even MORE often !
Because I'm such a PICNIC BADASS ? ?
By that logic , you cheat death constantly .
Because I'm such an OVERALL , ALWAYS - ON BADASS ? ?
When I eat I'm SPITTING AT DEATH IN THE FACT , and you know that's extra gross because I've got chewed - up food in my mouth . Outdoors there's a constant chance of getting hit by a falling object , or falling into a hole and BECOMING that falling object that hits someone else AND YET HERE I AM . Yeah , I'm pretty much awesome .
LATER , T - REX WALKS DOWN SOME STAIRS WITHOUT DYING :
AW YEAH , BABY . Women want me ! Men want to BE me !
Some men want me too ! and some women don't want me ! A lot of women don't even know I exist !
. . .
I'm going back upstairs , it sucks down here !
THINGS THAT SOUND WAY MORE INTERESTING THAN THEY REALLY ARE
a comic to read before you encounter these things
that way you won't be disappointed
OMNIBUS : heads up , everyone ! This is NOT an all - encompassing bus : a universal bus that , once boarded , contains within every joy , every sorrow , every hope and every fear , every potential self that you could ever hope to be . Rather it's a collection of smaller things , like an omnibus bill or a book containing other books .
I mean - it's okay if you like laws , or reading .
PFFFFFT
WILDERNESS : upon inspection this is just forests ! NOT our pal Wild Erness .
Aw man , really ? ?
UNIVERSAL REMOTE : it only works on Earth machines . This is UNIVERSE RACIST . It is a big " screw you " to literally EVERYTHING ELSE IN THE UNIVERSE EXCEPT EARTH .
What could possibly go wrong from telling off the ENTIRE UNIVERSE I'M BEING SARCASTIC THE DOWNSIDES ARE GLARINGLY OBVIOUS
WORLD SERIES : NOT a series of planets , perhaps listed from hottest to coolest , perhaps using " hottest " in the " which planet has the most rockin bods " sense ! This is you watching a bunch of adults you're not friends with get paid to play baseball .
There can be no greater sadness !
You guys , what if reincarnation is real ? !
T - REX
I'm serious , what if it is ? ?
What if we had clear and unassailable proof that everyone who dies gets a do - over ?
Maybe people would be less sad at funerals ?
LESS SAD AT FUNERALS ? ? I mean , okay , yes , but you know what else happens ? THE WORLD CHANGES FOREVER . Projects that would take lifetimes to complete now become easily achievable ! YOU CAN TRAVEL THE WORLD FOR FREE JUST BY DYING , WHICH IS LIKE , REALLY EASY TO DO . Death because a brief time - out instead of getting kicked from the game !
You're treating this like a video game ?
Of course !
They're our best evidence for what happens when people respawn ! They prove that people have A LOT OF FUN .
Yes , I can't wait to live in a world where adults gets killed by laser blasters and then two days later newborn babies are running around trying to get their come - uppance with other laser blasters .
Come on Utahraptor , OBVIOUSLY that's a ridiculous situation .
. . . Wait , no , OBVIOUSLY that's an amazing situation ! OH MY GOD . I'll be back later !
I need to go write some fanfiction about my own ideas ! !
Wait , I had an even better idea ! What if reincarnation is real - and we can come back at ANY POINT IN HISTORY ?
T - REX
No , wait ! WHAT IF , dude ! !
You could change the present by altering the past !
So if I live one life in a dystopian today , then when I die I can return to an earlier time and prevent that dystopia from taking place !
But you'd be challenged in the past by reincarnated agents of whoever liked future dystopia !
OH MAN , YES . So dramatic ! A fight across time to save all our tomorrows ! !
WE'VE ALREADY GOT THE TAGLINE .
Wait - what if you're the only person who can do this ?
Then I win and it's boring , the end !
No , I mean - what if you're the ONLY PERSON who gets reincarnated ? Just you . You keep coming back at different times , and then the big reveal is that EVERY OTHER PERSON WHO EVER LIVED is you on some past or future runthrough ! You fall in love with other versions of yourself . Your greatest enemy is YOU .
I can't tell if this is an amazing idea , or the stupidest idea ever !
* sigh *
. . . Sometimes , with the finest ideas , it is truly impossible to tell ! !
Hello , friend ! Do you have a moment to talk about God ?
NOPE
Perfect !
Because I actually wanted to talk about cool sex stuff instead !
Oh wow ! This conversation went way better than I was anticipating ! !
I know ! So , to proceed , some of my favorite sex things are the following erotic circumstances AND / OR manoeuvres . . .
. . . and that's how it went down .
I call shenanigans !
You did not walk up to Dromiceiomimus , warm her up with religious proselytising , and then smoothly segue into sex junk .
Two things . ONE : I totally did , and TWO : it's just called " junk " , Utahraptor . You don't need to add " sex " in front of it .
Hello , friend ! Do you have a moment to talk about God ?
NOPE
Perfect !
Because I actually wanted to talk about cool sex stuff instead !
Oh wow ! This conversation went way better than I was anticipating ! !
I know ! So , to proceed , some of my favorite sex things are the following erotic circumstances AND / OR manoeuvres . . .
. . . and that's how it went down .
I call shenanigans !
You did not walk up to Dromiceiomimus , warm her up with religious proselytising , and then smoothly segue into sex junk .
Two things . ONE : I totally did , and TWO : it's just called " junk " , Utahraptor . You don't need to add " sex " in front of it .
Humans ! Are you worried that one day a giant asteroid will impact the planet killing you all , because you're not big or awesome enough to stone cold PUNCH it back into space ? ?
Man ! You probably should be , huh ?
But don't be , because your awesome friend T - Rex has a solution . I have done some research into your crazy mammalian ways and found that human women are born with all their eggs inside them already ! Weird , right ? They don't even deposit them into the ground .
What does that have to do with asteroids ?
NOTHING .
But it has a lot to do with repopulating the planet after asteroids .
Oh no .
Oh yes ! Surgically extract egg cells , grow a massively parallel harvest of babies in labs and KAPOW : instant repopulation .
You know , if a plan involves the words " harvest of babies " , then a cool thing I do is I abandon the idea .
It's part of what makes me so rad .
OMG
If I can think of an even better idea involving harvesting babies than Utahraptor will NEVER steal it from me
OMG OMG OMG
Hello ! Do you have a corporation ? Perhaps you ARE a corporation , making its first shambling steps toward sentience ? Either way , you need a slogan , and for that you need . . .
T - REX'S CORPORATE SLOGAN GENERATOR
First , pick your favorite adjective . May I suggest , " Trending " , " Collectible " , or " Brownish " ? Then pick your second favorite adjective , like " Community " , " Actionable " , or " Macabre " . Don't worry , we're almost done ! Finally , pick a noun or a verb , and it helps if its related to what you do . For example " Tweeting " , " Services " , or if you have a terrible imagination " Corporation " .
Okay so . . . now what ?
Slap a period after each word and you're done , babies .
You're now totally down with trendy corporate slogans . Or should I say " Trendy . Corporate . Slogans . " ?
Coke : Brownish . Affordable . Drinkproduct .
Oh man , is Mr . Coke here ? Because I hear him getting his chequebook out .
Yep , he's being pretty noisy about it !
Oh no , now that he's got his wallet out he's getting other things out of his pocket too ! He's got a gun ! ! He's shooting Mr . Pepsi ! !
Oh noooooooo why can't my favorite corporations just get along ? ?
Damn you , database ! You're a loose cannon ! Your CPU usage grows every day and your disk I / O is off the chart !
I should fire you , but instead I'm giving you a raise and recalibrating my charts !
I said this database was bad news , T - Rex !
I know ; I should've listened to you three years and four ulcers ago ! But damn it , this database gets results ! I've got three upstart databases here that'd LOVE a shot at his job , and not one of them can do in five CPU cycles what he does in three .
That's a 66 % improvement over their efficiency !
I know ! That's actually really good !
But I just wish I could trust him to follow the damn rules . He reindexes data AGAINST MY ORDERS at all hours of the night : what's he looking for ? What will it take for him to settle down - and if he does , will it cost him his edge ? Will I get a more stable server farm but lose my best database in the bargain ? ?
LATER :
Oh wait , hah hah , a hardware failure was causing all that reindexing churn and once I swapped out the bad disk and rebuilt the array it stopped and we're good now !
PHEW , AM I RIGHT ? ?
OMG YOU NEED TO GET A TATTOO
OMG , I need to get a tattoo !
Okay , here's what I'm thinking : a dog bone that says " dogs " inside of it , or a dog bone that says " dogs " inside of it in Times New Roman , OR - and this one is my favourite - a dog bone that says " dogs " inside of it in an awesome 80s computer font .
. . . Big into dogs over here .
Got anything that's not about dogs ?
No , I'm afraid that doesn't interest me !
Really ? No interest for a tattoo of a robot with cool pecs ? Or a tattoo of a burger surrounded by a banner that reads " I KINDA LIKE EATING THESE " ? Or a chest tattoo that says " IF YOU CAN READ THIS THEN WOW , I GUESS I TOOK MY SHIRT OFF " ?
STOP YOU ARE BREAKING MY MIND WITH THESE AWESOME IDEAS
A tattoo on your butt that folds in when you clench to reveal the message " FLEX TO MEET YOU " ?
! !
Oh man , now you've done it
One day , Timmy the human fell in love with Sally , who was also human . Two humans decided they liked each other . OOH , WHAT A SURPRISE .
But later Timmy dumped Sally , Sally was really sad !
" If only , " Sally said , " if only I could find someone like Timmy , but less capricious . And perhaps with either more or less mammalian body hair , whichever one it is that I find most attractive . But as my fellow humans have not invented technologies to alter people's bodies and personalities to my specifications , " she sighed , " I am out of luck . "
Aww !
" It seems unhappiness is to be my most reliable chaperone , " she said , sighing again .
Awwww ! !
Then she realized : overpopulation ! With over seven billion humans on her planet all at once and only so many ways to be , there had to be an approximation of Timmy out there with her preferred changes implemented . So she travelled the world to find him !
And did she ?
Nope !
It was a sorting problem with way to many results to go through . Instead she fell for someone else , which was fine . It was all fine . There were many people out there she could be happy with , and a lot of it came down to chance .
THIS CONCLUDES RATIONAL LOVE THEATRE , THANKS FOR COMING
Adults think other adults are the best , teens know teens are the coolest , and kids posit that kids rule while parents , in comparison , drool . But you know who's REALLY the coolest ?
Dang ol' BABIES .
You can take a baby , put it down in a room full of complete strangers making crazy noises , and that baby will do the following : presuppose those noises have meaning , INDEPENDENTLY INVENT THE VERY IDEA OF LANGUAGE , and then learn to communicate in that language . They will stone - cold deduce rules of grammar FROM OBSERVATION ALONE , and they'll do it way faster than an adult ever could .
But babies are stupid ! They crawl off cliffs if given half a chance !
Absolutely !
Our offspring are idiot savants who think " oh , lexical categories , I'll definitely come up with that idea ENTIRELY ALONE . Hahah oh no a poop came out , time to cry for six hours while simultaneously inventing subject - verb agreement . " And they're coming up with these thoughts WITHOUT EVEN HAVING A LANGUAGE TO THINK THEM IN .
Meanwhile , I can't even think " I wanna eat meat tomorrow with Utahraptor " without literally thinking those words in my head like it's friggin' amateur hour .
* sigh *
Everyone's always , " You know what the saddest six - word story is ? 'For sale : baby shoes , never worn . ' " AND TO THAT I SAY : what's so sad about buying cute shoes because they were on super sale and then realizing you have no possible use for them ? ?
I THINK IT'S SUPPOSED TO IMPLY A CHILD'S LOSS AND NOT AN IMPULSE PURCHASE
OHHH
Anyway , point is , I can write a sadder story . OBSERVE : " For sale : sucky baby , never loved " . Done and done !
Isn't that basically , like , the same flavour of sadness ?
Now there's baby trafficking involved ! How is that not sadder than previously - loved footwear at an unbeatably low price ? ?
Maybe get away from the " for sale " angle ?
Not a problem !
" One day everyone died , ohhhhh no "
Now that's OBJECTIVELY SADDER : everyone's dead , not just one baby !
The baby one's sad because we meet two characters : the baby and the shoe selling parent . Your story doesn't have any characters in it , dude !
FINE . " Suddenly , everyone died . . . INCLUDING ANASTASIA IRONHOOF . "
Is she . . . a talking horse ?
Um , NOT ANYMORE
One day Joe went in the kitchen and produced a sandwich so sloppy that we had to call it a " Sloppy Joe " !
Joe's probably dead now .
But we all remember him when we're hungry !
That's because Joe knew the secret : EPONYMOUS FOODSTUFF . His name will live on for as long as we want a noun that means " Hey , spoon some chili on a bun because I'll eat that . I swear to god , I will eat that right now . "
Inventing food can be tricky !
I'VE GOT A PLAN : take an existing food , and add ketchup . Pour ketchup on nachos : that's a Sexy Rex , baby !
Nachos are already named after Ignacio " Nacho " Anaya , dude !
Seriously ?
Okay , well , Nacho got there first and I'll give him that , and sure , maybe adding cheese to an existing food is a better strategy than ketchup . Okay , the Sexy Rex is now when you add cottage cheese to cereal instead of milk . Come over , we'll try it together .
eugh .

If you'll excuse me , Utahraptor , I need to go drop a barf , change my name to " Chili Cheese Frieson - theside " , and NEVER SPEAK OF THIS AGAIN .
Cool beans , me too
You know what happens in movies that doesn't happen NEARLY enough to me , here in the movie Reality , Featuring Me : The 13 . 7 - Billion - Year - Long Motion Picture Event You Won't Want To Miss ?
( Though Whether Or Not You Miss It Is Not Really Up To You , Actually )
" Starts out with a ang , exposing us to a high - octane explosion of thrills , chills , and rapidly expanding space " - The Filmic Spectator
" In the end , the 7 billion simultaneous characters on Earth were far too many for me to even begin to keep track of " - - The Gobe Review
" Some very nice images pepper this film , though most are very similar shots of empty space " - - Movie Reviewz 4 Youz
Earlier there was a movie thing that you wished was in reality ?
" Some bold storytelling is on display here , although following a fully interconnected narrative through billions of years ( and lives ! ) leads to a distinct sense of loss for the roads not taken . " - - Screenplay Magazine
Okay . Okay . I'm done now .
Great . So what did you wa -
" Rated NC - 17 for some impressively - varied scenes of explicit content , but haha , good luck finding them in all that empty space ! ! "
Tee hee !
NO REGRETS , UTAHRAPTOR
You know what happens in movies that doesn't happen NEARLY enough to me , here in reality which I have reluctantly concluded is not actually a movie ?
HILARIOUS CASES OF MISTAKEN IDENTITY .
Not once have I been swept up in international jewel thief intrigue , nor have I EVER been followed around by eager gang members who think I'm their amnesiac and missing leader who's trying to go straight . Not even once !
Maybe if you had more twin brothers ?
Who - did crimes ?
I see two possible solutions to your problem , T - Rex !
Please , proceed !
ONE : work on being as generic as possible in attitude and dress , so it's more likely you'll look like someone else .
BORING .
Or TWO : adapt the impeccable dress , manners , and seductive charm of an international jewel thief .
IN THIS ONE MOMENT , T - REX IS PERFECTLY TORN BETWEEN WANTING TO RUSH OUT TO READ EVERY BOOK ON DRESSING WELL , AND WANTING TO GO HOME TO CRY FOR ALL THE YEARS WASTED ON A NON - JEWEL - THIEF IDENTITY :
oh nooooooo
The date is September 3rd , one universe over . Composer Marshall Island has just finished a song that will one day be known as " The Ultimate Song 2000 " .
This name is super dated though so eventually it's shortened to " The Ultimate Song " !
The Ultimate Song is , objectively , the best song . We all thought it was impossible - that music was too varied , tastes too wide - for one song to be universally the best , but whether by chance or by design , it now exists . All other songs suffer in comparison . There is a brief artistic movement obsessed with flaws , imperfections , but that only gets us so far . We keep coming back to the song : it's perfect . Why would we listen to anything else ?
Don't songs eventually get old ?
Imperfect songs do , yeah ! Perfect ones , not so much .
Everyone tries to learn from the perfect song , reverse - engineer it : Can we use it to produce the perfect painting ? Poem ? The perfect justice system ? But we fail . It seems Earth is to touch perfection but once , and this is it : one single song .
Wow . I mean what do songs DO ?
That's what consumes us . We encode the song into the golden records of the Voyager Spacecraft , racing them towards distant stars . It's not because we want to share : it's a planet's last . desperate cry for help .
It's a death spasm that infects the galaxy .
Hello and welcome to TalkToADog . com . You are being connected to a dog !
You are now connected to a dog !
Your dog is a golden retriever . Please say hello !
. . . Hello ?
HELLO ! I AM A GOLDEN RETRIEVER . I AM A DOG .
Yes I would like a refund please .
HELLO ! I AM NOT PROGRAMMED TO RESPOND IN THAT AREA .
These are clearly just you talking funny , and not dogs at all !
Well obviously !
But I've studied dog personalities and used them to construct these custom " fursonas " . For example , this golden retriever likes to pee outside and enjoys sniffing . Ask her if she likes sniffing .
I will not .
Well it's your loss because she'll respond " YES , MOSTLY "
" THERE ARE TIMES WHEN IT LOSES ITS CHARM , IF WE ARE BEING BRUTALLY HONEST "
" LOL , IDK WHAT I WANT "
" LOL "
One universe over , people's bodies aren't on teams with their minds . Instead , their bodies actually SABOTAGE them . Different body parts can fail whenever , with this chance of failure increasing over time until it reaches 100 % !
They call this process , " aging " !
And " aging " affects everyone ! The greatest of them " age " just as quickly as even the suckiest of dudes . No , wait ! BETTER IDEA ! SOMETIMES , a sucky dude will live a super long time and a truly great dude's body will poot out early on . So it's really unfair and unpredictable !
WAY better for dramatic tension .
But " aging " isn't the only way to die , right ?
Hah ! Absolutely not !
Basically , every single other thing in the universe can kill 'em too . Even inanimate objects ! Seriously ! Inanimate objects literally kill people here . Whenever an inanimate object pulls that off , they call it an " accident " .
Does the inanimate object go to jail ?
RARELY IF EVER .
Okay so the twist was that this universe is actually our universe , but in retrospect that was obvious and I'm sad now so - PEACE OUT , SUCKERS ! !
I PREFER TO BE SAD ALONE SO GET USED TO THAT IF WE'RE GONNA BE FRIENDS , SUCKERS ! !
Babies ! Everyone is always having them all the time . This is not an exaggeration .
T - REX
IT'S BARELY EVEN AN EXAGGERATION
Aren't there other things in life we could be having instead of babies ? Like , what if every time you wanted a baby , instead you went out and had a nice meal with cool people instead ? Mmmm ! That sounds like a real tasty time , you guys !
Some people would spend a lot of money on a heck of a lot a cool meals .
Exactly !
And this helps the ECONOMY , which I understand is . . . good ?
Babies cost like $ 100 , 000 to raise , dude .
And that's only to get them to 18 : as adults they keep spending . You'd have to spend like a sailor to keep up with what an adult baby would buy .
You know what's weird ? How you say " You'd have to " where without hesitation I would've said " You get to " .
Although the " actual baby " and the " imaginary baby used to justify expensive purchases " scenarios do both require me to be loaded enough to pay for 'em .
Yeah .
Dude I don't want to sound weird or anything but MAN it must be so fun to be rich sometimes !
Hello there ! If you're like most people aged 0 to death , you probably have FEELINGS . If you're angry you might say " Hi , I feel angry " or if you're horny you might be heard to remark , " Yo , I'm all horned up " .
You may even be experiencing feelings right now !
This is fine . Well , I mean , it's " fine " if you think having your experience of the world coloured by mind - altering chemicals is a " cool " way to go through life . If you think chemicals like serotonin and dopamine are " rad " , please , continue your addictive behaviour by seeking out people and situations that give your brain access to those substances .
T - Rex , I have good evidence that YOU are an emotional being as well !
* gasp *
AND I would suggest you talk down feelings because it produces in you the emotion . . . of superiority !
Boo !
BOOO !
The people standing behind me agree with me !
Boooo ! !
Hiss !
Down with T - Rex !
The people standing behind you agree with me as well !
I HAVE DIRECTIONAL HEARING TOO , THANKS
How can we engage with our favourite feelings like we engage with our favourite brands if those feelings don't have clear statements of brand identity that we can pivot conversation around ? ?
HOW
Anyway I fixed reality ! Feelings have slogans now !
Feel Ecstasy . Feel alive . ?
It's a still lake at dawn . It's the weekend sun warming your bedsheets . It's Calm . ?
Every moment of every day , there's always one feeling you can count on . Welcome to Self - Doubt . ?
Pride : Because You're Worth It . ?
Laziness : Because Laziness . ?
Empathy : When Your Own Feelings Just Aren't Enough . ? Greed : You Deserve That . ? Live Life . Make Mistakes . Feel Regret . ?
We took the sadness you like and mixed it up with the surprise you love ! Get ready . . . for Disappointment . ?
Happiness : The End - Game of All Intelligent Life ! ?
. . .
I'm serious , once they invent the happy pill I'm out
Hello , recipient of this card ! I am your friend , so this is me pulling you aside and whispering into your ear .
YOU ARE TOTALLY WRONG
a web card
It's okay . Some of us were born wrong , some achieve wrongness , and some have wrongness thrust upon 'em . You are maybe all three ?
Yeah , it's hard to tell but I think you might've been wrong even as a baby .
You were a wrong baby who grew up wrong . The wrong kind of wrong . It's better you hear it from a friend .
But we're your friends and we love you !
YES ! We love you .
We love you even though we're at this fancy dinner party for all the correct people , and all the correct people are there , and you've shown up wearing an inflatable pool ring around your waist . This is a metaphor .
. . . This might not be a metaphor .
Oh god .
Okay , good chat , recipient of this card ! We're still pals , right ?
Okay ! Remember , that if you think we're not pals anymore you are only compounding your wrongness !
Peace !
One day Jim Rifle wanted to shoot some game birds , so he invented the rifle , and decided to name his new rifle the " rifle " !
It was a busy day for Jim Rifle !
Unfortunately for him , whenever a bird got shot by his rifle , the ghost of that bird came back to haunt him . Soon he was bothered by hundreds of birdghosts who all wanted revenge , which was understandable , since he shot 'em .
Jim Rifle is having a complicated time !
He sure is !
So to fix his problem , he invented a new rifle that shot ghosts !
That was easy !
Sure , but it turns out that getting ghost - shot just pushed the birds into level 2 ghosthood , upping their interest in revenge geometrically . Also , they developed arms and a crude form of speech .
Horrifying .
That's why Jim shot the level 2 ghosts some more !
Turns out the level 3s were basically well - adjusted people , and level 4 bird ghosts were beings of enlightened truth whose merest glance drew tears of joy . THE END . The moral of the story is , I'm not really sure how guns work ?
Or , like , stories ?
Well , I certainly do love having illegal thoughts , while simultaneously involving myself in ANY NUMBER of sinister anti - government conspiracies !
Bombs bombs bombs .
HELLO NSA , HOW ARE YOU
a web card
Psych ! Actually I just wanted to talk to YOU : the NSA intern who monitors everything I say and type and every website I access ! It's really sweet that you care so much about me . You watch the T - Rex show every day , and you never miss an episode , a moment , a single word . I love that when we go to bed each night we're both going over the same day in our heads , thinking the same thoughts , sighing the same contented sigh before falling asleep . I love that . I love you .
One life spent watching another's : it's the purest expression of our love . Thank you . Thank you .
T - Rex ?
I , uh , I think it's mostly computers that do the monitoring . Sentiment analysis algorithms , you know ? Not a brilliant stranger so enraptured with you and your life and your tow entwined souls that he puts his own existence on hold to watch your every waking moment .
WHAT
THE HELL
IS WRONG WITH REALITY
Robyn bought a camera from an eerie second - hand store . The storekeeper wore strange , old - fashioned clothes and spoke in an unfamiliar accent . When Robyn returned the next day , the store was AN EMPTY LOT , ABANDONED FOR YEARS !
That's right : IT'S A GHOST STORY , BABIES ! !
Robyn soon discovered that anyone she took a picture of showed up as a corpse , their mouths hanging open with like , worms and junk coming out of them . Scary worms . Self - portraits , friends , pets , animals : they all showed up as dead bodies , in the same positions they were photographed in but totally dead . And really well realized , too ! You honestly couldn't tell they'd been altered . Super pro - level photo manipulation was going on here .
Robyn in messing with forces she can't begin to understand !
Pfft , not really . She gets it .
She opened a business specializing in fun Hallowe'en portraits and cranked 'em out super quick ! The camera seemed to get angry , but that anger just made better corpse photos so Robyn was like - thanks ? Thanks , camera , your ghostly rage is super profitable so keep it up ? ?
Later , Robyn found a tape where if you watched it then you'd die within the next seven days , and she used it to kill the mold in her basement .
I -
I KINDA LOVE HER ? ?
Robyn's great - uncle Chris died and she inherited his mansion , on one condition : she had to spend a single night in his spooky haunted house ! " OH MAN , SO SWEET ! " Robyn siad , after she was done being sad re : death .
As she entered the house that night , the door slammed behind her !
She turned and found the ghost of her great - uncle . " Hello Robyn , " he said . " It's me , Uncle Chris . We never hung out much in life so I was hoping we could catch up , " he said , " as I am now a ghost and am looking to fill tons of free time . "
Robyn threw herself into an ancient dusty chair and slouched . " I was brought here under false pretenses , " she sighed .
I mean , technically , the house IS haunted by her uncle .
" Okay , OBVIOUSLY , " said Robyn .
Uncle Chris then spoke to Robyn at length about how he doesn't like her friends and how her clothes are too immodest and how the video games she plays on her phone are turning her into a crazy killer like in the newspapers . " OH MY GOD , " Robyn said , " IT'S LIKE - - I DON'T - - YOU DON'T EVEN KNOW HOW SHITTY THE GAMES I PLAY ON MY PHONE ARE " .
Ghost Uncle Chris go really mad and threw some plates around and Robyn shouted " YOU'RE BEING REAL IMMATURE ! " and went to bed . Her uncle apologized the next morning , but it was one of those bullshit " sorry you got upset " apologies .
THE END . . . ? ?
One day Steve uploaded his brain into a computer . And since uploading doesn't destroy the original , he was still alive in his regular body too ! You know , the mortal body that ages and is vulnerable to fire . The fleshy one !
The one that can't even go naked into space without dying !
So CompuSteve and OrganoSteve chatted each other up , but there really weren't any relations to be had since they were effectively the same person . That afternoon OrganoSteve died of hid injuries and CompuSteve felt like he should be sad , and he was , a little ? But not as much as he thought . He wondered if that made him a bad person . Probably it didn't , he thought .
CompuSteve is uncaring due to his computery ways ? ?
No , feelings are emulated !
He just can't see anything that was lost beyond an afternoon's worth of memories . Anyway , soon CompuSteve is meeting old friends and great - great - grandparents and integrating into a society of immortal people whose minds are no longer constrained by the processing capacity of meat but by the speed of light itself .
But then there's not enough CPU time to run everyone's mind at once and it becomes a brutal competition for scarce resources , and the hard drive CompuSteve is on is destroyed .
NO
DUDE YOU'RE RUINING LIKE
EVERYTHING EVER
I took the liberty of researching the all - time bestselling books across the entire planet and SURPRISE ! They're all like , religious books !
They're like , bibles and whatever !
This is cheating : you've got a market segment that thinks GOD LITERALLY WROTE THIS BOOK AND NOW LITERALLY WANTS YOU TO BUY IT , and worse , that THE ACTUAL 100 % LEGIT RULES FOR HOW TO LIVE YOUR LIFE ARE CONTAINED WITHIN . Total unfair market advantage . It's ridiculous .
My Sherlock Holmes Meets Sherlette Halmos fic can't compete with that .
" Sherlette Halmos " ?
An evil , female Sherlock !
She's packed AND she's stacked , specially in the back , and you'll want to thank her mother for a butt like that . Will readers get some fries with that shake - shake bootie ? If books could kill , this would be an uzi . It's a shotgun : bang ! What's up with that new book I'm releasing this fall season ?
" You make me wanna shoop , which means 'investigate crimes' , Sherlock whispered in erotic awe . "
I like my women like I like my dogs : pretty cute !
PFFT
IT CAN BE DONE BETTER
Fine ! Fine .
I like my women like I like my dogs : well - trained and obedient ? I like my women like I like my dogs : created by blending Scottish and Mexican genetic information ? ?
I like my men like I like my dogs : super friendly with big runny noses and fun bellies to rub .
OMG , I LIKE MY MEN THAT WAY TOO ! !
I like my women like I like my dogs : found and picked up in a park !
Haha , me too man .
I love picking up women in a park . I mean , I love the IDEA of picking up women in a park . I love the idea of being so assured in myself and in my own attractiveness that I could confidently approach a stranger and have her be interested in me romantically . I hold tight to that dream . It's never happened .
Anyway , I've obviously just revealed too much of my own insecurities so OBVIOUSLY I'm going home now to obsess over what I said and to seriously consider moving to a new town to start life over under an assumed name .
PEACE OUT FOREVER , I SUPPOSE ? ?
Okay I just wanna say before we start that I'm NOT mad , Dromiceiomimus . Okay ? I'm not mad at all . I'm actually really calm .
Honestly ! I just want to hear the truth !
So when I ask you this question I hope you'll answer it truthfully : you wanna hang out tonight ?
. . . uh , yes ?
Okay , awesome ! I'll drop you a line later . Maybe we can see a movie !
What was that all about , dude ?
I scheduled the sweet hangs !
AND I prefaced it by reassuring my listener that I wasn't mad , just in case they were worried . " Oh phew , he's in a good place , " they could say . " His emotions are cool right now . "
T - Rex - -
It's a little thing called " politeness " ; look it up ?
And that was a little thing called " sarcasm " ; look that up as well ? And then let's brainstorm a list of rhetorical techniques and we'll go over them together ? ?
And actually I think that sounds really nice ? ?
What did Mexican theoretical physicist Miquel Albuierre discover on Hallowe'en ? Give up ? GIVE UP ? ?
The AlcubSCARE drive ! !
As you know , Dromiceiomimus , the Alcubierre drive is a construct in theoretical physics that could allow faster - than - light travel by expanding and contracting spacetime via negative mass .
In this joke , I speculate a more spooky version .
; What did the engineer discover on Hallowe'en ?
What ?
Faster than FRIGHT travel ! !
THAT'S MY JOKE ! That's my joke , only it's worse because nobody learns physics and PLUS an engineer is more likely to design or build it , not discover it ! God . GOD . Worst Hallow'en FTL joke ever .
Hey !
Excuse me sir , but our Hallowe'en joke workshop is a comedic safe space meant to feature only constructive criticism .
UTAHRAPTOR STARTED IT
Robyn bought a camera from an eerie second - hand store . When Robyn returned the next day , the star was AN EMPTY LOT , ABANDONED FOR YEARS ! ! That's right : IT'S A GHOST STORY , BABIES !
AND IT ACTUALLY STARTS A LOT LIKE MY OTHER GHOST STORY STARRING ROBYN , BABIES ! !
But THIS time , Robyn sat around the empty lot and waited for the ghostly store to return . When it finally did , she went inside : like she remembered , everything seemed real , if a little old - fashioned . She could touch things , hold things . She could walk upstairs , even though it was all a ghostly illusion . She talked to the storekeeper and half an hour later had bought the place out !
I thought ghosts only lingered because they had unfinished business ?
Yeah , this dude had one !
But once he flipped it that business was finished , so he could bounce . So now Robyn had a ghost building that could manifest and disappear at will , and once she figured out how to coerce it into appearing into different forms , you know what she had ? A HOLODECK . She had a friggin' holodeck , Utahraptor . God damn .
Later on I wanted to be her so bad all the time , THE END .
ASK PROFESSOR SCIENCE
Our first letter comes from Utahraptor ! It reads " Hi Professor ! What's the name of the force holding us to the Earth ? "
Seriously Utahraptor ? SERIOUSLY ?
It's gravity . Gravity is the name of the force holding us to the Earth . Utahraptor , I thought you were , like , a smart dude . I thought you were a dude who knew things , and among the things you knew were " what gravity is " , " how big a cow is and how tasty too " , and " what is the way yo drink a glass of water but not drown this time " .
That letter was sent to the Professor in confidence !
I OPENED HIS MAIL ; I ALWAYS DO THAT
Anyway , I volunteered at a daycare and we helped the kids write letters . If you look closely you'll see the letter is not from me but from Utahraptor and His Rad Fried Timmy .
How rad is Timmy ?
Pretty rad .
Hm . And was it you or Timmy who made all the " o " s in " Professor Science " into skulls , the " e " s into snakes , and the " i " with a heart with angry eyebrows ?
That was all Timmy .
Dude .
YOU HAVE TO INTRODUCE ME .
It's TOTALLY LEGAL for you to pay me fat stacks in exchange for a legal service I provide ! For example , you might coerce me into mopping the floors of your supergross nasty restaurant bathroom / hole by promising me money .
I believe this is called " having a job " !
Ans similarly , if I find out an embarrassing but non - criminal secret about you through legal means - like maybe you're a celebrity having an affair ? ? - it's again TOTALLY LEGAL for me ( to ) tell , or not tell , anyone this secret .
True .
AND YET , if I seek your fat stacks in exchange for the service of not sharing this secret , I've committed a crime !
Yeah , that's blackmail !
Correction : that's the paradox of blackmail !
Unlike all the other Major Crimes , blackmail is made up legal acts , and it's only the COMBINATION of these legal acts that's illegal ! All I'm doing is offering you a lawful service at a price , which you can accept or refuse without correction . The exact same thing happens when a kid offers to mow your lawn , dude !
Only when the kid does it it's " not a crime " and he " shouldn't go to jail , mister " .
PFFT .
PFFT , I SAY , WITH ALARMING REGULARITY .
I said that blackmail is unique among the Major Crimes because it's two legal acts that add up to be illegal ! But it's not QUITE unique . I'm speaking , of course , of prostitution !
Don't tell my mom that I'm speaking , of course , of prostitution !
It's legal to have sex and it's legal to pay for services , but in a lot of places it's illegal to pay for sex . HOWEVER , if you pay two other people to have sex , and then you film it , then tada ! You are making a pornographic sex movie , and that's legal .
Yep !
But that's nuts ! What we have here is a crime that becomes legal IF AND ONLY IF YOU FILM THE CRIME .
Well , if you film the crime and structure the crime's financials appropriately .
TRUE .
But that's even crazier ! I can't think of another crime that becomes legal if you have a corporate structure around it , if you've built a viable business around the production and distribution of that crime .
Except big banking , am I right ?
You are right !
Hah hah hah !
Seriously though , they've profited from destroying so many lives with little to no consequences .
Friiiiiiig
200 years ago , you know what people did for fun ? I'll tell you what they did . They looked at paintings .
They would literally go to a room and look at a painting and be all " Whoah , so fun ! ! "
And then people wanted more fun paintings to look at , so they'd paint a 360 degree ring - shaped canvas and you have to stand in the middle of it , and then you could look all around at the painting of a beach and say " Alack me ! ! it's like I'm at the beach , only it's made of paint and nothing moves ! "
Like a primitive holodeck !
EXACTLY .
Are we talking about Chad's thing ?
Oh no , he got to you too ?
Yeah , dude wants to bring back these olde - timey amusements , but it's like - too late , Chad ! I've seen a movie ! Therefore I can no longer enjoy staring at a painting while whispering " whee ! " , you know ?
Our experiences of Real Fun mean the subtle joys of Crappy History Fun lie forever beyond us !
T - REX GOES TO CHAD'S THING
Chad , is this painting of some boring field secretly an extremely challenging " Where's Waldo ? " game ?
What ?
WHAT'S LEFT OF MY SANITY NEED YOU TO SAY " YES " HERE , CHAD .
Brussels Samoa , the evil genius who was always metaphorically and rarely literally locking horns with my superspy character Angola Maldives , was up to his old tricks again !
His old tricks were trying to blow up the entire planet !
It wasn't a very good trick because he'd never successfully pulled it off , but Angola had never seccussfully stoped him from trying this trick in the first place , so in a way , who is the worst at their job ? " Perhaps we are both kind of bad at them , you know ? " Angola mused while driving his sports boat . " You do tend to be more reactive than preemptive , " the babe he was with ( Tunisia ) said distractedly while she messed with something on her phone .
Oh man , is Tunisia working for Brussels ? Is the phone a remote detonator ?
No man ! She's on Facebook .
She finally put her phone away , but then took it out a few seconds later . " You getting texts ? " Angola asked , but Tunisia only stared at her phone for several seconds before saying " Sorry , what ? " . Angola wondered who she was texting .
OH MY GOD , IS IT BRUSSELS SAMOA ? ?
Nope ! It's a friend who's having a crisis . Angola thought Tunisia was being rude , but didn't realize how good she was being to her friend , so it was complicated and confusing . THE END .
ps : this entire tine kick - ass explosions were going off in the background , AW YEAH BABY
Do you ever wonder what things'd be like if Dromiceiomimus were a heterosexual dude instead of a heterosexual lady ? I know I have . And I think it'd go
a little something
a'like this :
Dromiceiomimus is a heterosexual dude now ! I mean , like she always is ! Like HE always is !
Dromiceiomimus , do you want to go do some things that only male / male friends can do , like for instance visit a bathroom together or perhaps a change room ? ?
T - Rex , our friendship is based on respect and love , but there's also a spark of attraction there and even if we both don't want to explore it - now ? Ever ? Does it matter ? - it's nice , and it's fun , and I don't want to change it , and if I were a man things would be tangibly different .
WHOAH THAT WAS SOME REAL TALK FROM DROMICEIOMIMUS
YOU JUST GOT REAL TALKED MY FRIEND
I SUPPOSE IF I AM BEING HONEST I HAVE SOMETIMES WISHED THAT MY FEMALE FRIENDS WERE MALE SO THAT I COULD GET CLOSER TO THEM WITHOUT WORRYING ABOUT TIPPING INTO A RELATIONSHIP , AND THIS RESULTS IN A CERTAIN AWKWARD DISTANCE BETWEEN US AS SOMETIMES I HOLD THINGS BACK
I HOPE THIS HAS NOT AFFECTED OUR RELATIONSHIP
AS DO I BUT IT'S HARD TO TELL AND I THINK THE FIRST STEP TOWARDS LIVING HONESTLY IS TO ASSESS MY FEARS AND WHY I LET THEM AFFECT ME
T - REX THIS TALK IS LIKE ESTATE , LIFE , MADRID , AND GHOSTBUSTERS :
REAL
Once upon a time in the 50s a teen babysitter was alone in a room in a spooky house at night ! She kept getting prank calls asking her to check on the children she was babysitting .
So spooky !
A SPOOKY TALE
So babysitter lady called the cops ! And the cops were all " We traced the calls and THEY'RE COMING FROM INSIDE THE HOUSE ! " and the babysitter was like , " No , there must be some mistake , for this story takes place in the 1950s and there's only one landline in this house , and therefore an intra - house call is impossible . The technology simply doesn't support it . "
THE END .
The cop said " hold on a second " got [ sic ] a phone engineer on the line !
What ? No !
And the phone guy was like , " hey , on some exchange equipment it's possible to trigger a ring on your own line - which could be mistaken for a call ! "
Nooooo
" . . . although it wouldn't be routed through the phone system ; the call tracing part of the story is still problematic . "
Yesssss
One day a driver picked up a young lady with a red scarf around her neck , who was hitchhiking , and drove the hitchhiker to her destination .
Just one problem :
HER DESTINATION WAS A CEMETERY ? ?
And after she got off the driver who I forgot to give a name to earlier but who I'll now call " Estuary Esquire " , no wait , " Slappy Pete " , asked some locals at a bar about her and they all suddenly got very quiet as they told him that a young woman in a red scarf had died THAT VERY NIGHT , only it was ten years in the past , but the same calendar day at least . Slappy Pete was like " Frick , no way ! "
Is this finally confirmation that G - G - G - GHOSTS ARE R - R - R - REAL ?
So Slappy Pete thought !
But reflecting on it later Pete realized that if this woman's death was so well - known at the bar then probably others knew it too , and it WOULD be a pretty good prank - especially if you just needed a ride to the cemetery . He came to respect the effort put into the sweet prank .
Ah .
Later on a friend of a friend of Pete's retold this story , but he left out the part where Pete was logical . That friend then died seven days later ! AND AROUND HIS NECK WAS A RED SCARF ! !
AW FRICK , YOU GUYS .
TERROR
IS
REAL
Hello and welcome to Spider - Fan , the # 1 talk show for fans of Spider - Man .
As we all know , Spider - Man is a fake man who does not exist !
But we , as a people , write stories about him anyway . We want so badly to hear stories about this fake guy that we pay people to make up tales about him ( this is called " lying " ) , and then draw pictures of their lies so we can see them easily .
This is called " comics " .
Question : is it true that Spider - Man can do whatever a spider can ?
Nope ! Next question .
Question : what things can a spider do that Spider - Man can't ?
Have a passive breathing system that supports respiration without actively moving air around .
Question : couldn't all this talk about Spider - Man being a fake idea be trivially applied to Batman as well ?
NO ; THIS RECORDING OF SPIDER - FAN IS NOW OVER ; THERE WILL BE NO SURVIVORS
Hello ! Permit me to reiterate what I was saying precisely 24 hours ago !
24 HOURS AGO :
As we all know , Spider - Man is a fake man who does not exist !
In the intervening 24 hours , I have done some research and found some UNSETTLING FACTS . Like the fact that most books that exist are fiction : I . E . , stories about fake peeps ! I thought this was just quantity over quality , but then discovered that most bestselling books are fiction too .
We're obsessed with fake people who do not exist !
Well , at least when it comes to the stories we tell .
No , it's our minds too ! !
I made a list of people I know from reality versus people I know from fiction . DUDE , CHECK IT : I know more members of Starfleet - an organization that does not exist filled exclusively with people that themselves do not exist - than I know ACTUAL FRIENDS .
Hah hah hah !
Well , at least when it comes to the stories we tell .
Reality !
It's a terrific place to read fiction !
Hello ! You've been fired from every job you ever had , unless you avoided it by quitting first !
AN INSPIRATIONAL COMIC
. . . Those are the only two ways to exit a job , T - Rex . Even if the company goes under , they're still letting you go .
Hey , you ever notice how every relationship you'll ever have will end in a breakup , and the only way to avoid it is by someone in it dying before that can happen ?
. . . Again , those ARE the two ways for relationships to end .
I thought this was supposed to be inspirational !
Are you not inspired ? ?
Okay , here's something : everyone who ever pissed you off is now already dead or going to die , and a lot of those deaths are gonna look just like " natural causes " to the cops .
Whoah . I'm pretty relentless .
Heck yeah !
We are both unstoppable forces of persistent , always - on , universal revenge ! And this unstoppable force of universal revenge is gonna go get himself the last ice cream sammich in the freezer .
UM , I RECOMMEND YOU STAY OUT OF MY WAY ? ?
T - REX CAN I BORROW YOUR HOUSE FOR A THING
IT'S LIKE
A GOD THING
Sure , knock yourself up !
WHAT
Feel free , dude !
NO BUT YOU SAID KNOCK YOURSELF UP
Oh , is that not the expression ? Sure , knock yourself . . . off ?
OH NO T - REX
ARE YOU A DUDE WHO IS BAD AT IDIOM
WHY DIDN'T YOU TELL ME SOONER
I'm not ! Knock yourself . . . around ?
The expression's " knock yourself out ! "
Um , it's dumb that " get your brain damaged " means " do what you want " .
Dunno what to tell you , dude . It's almost like English wasn't designed , but rather coalesced around folks who just wanted to do what all language speakers do : find more persuasive ways to convince others to boink 'em .
I was going to retort , but suddenly I realized I couldn't see any way that would increase my Boinking Potential !
OMG
IT'S ALL TRUE
T - REX I HAVE SOME GOOD NEWS
. . . Go on .
I AM GOING TO FIX YOUR PROBLEMS
AND I WILL MAKE YOU GOOD AT IDIOM
Ah , that's totally salty !
NO THAT'S TOTALLY SWEET AND I CAN SEE WE HAVE A LOT OF WORK TO DO
Maybe I'm not BAD at idiom , dude ! Maybe I'm GREAT at it . MAYBE rather than parroting old phrases , I push them in new directions , boldly evolving them into newer , greater forms . Maybe I'm the greatest linguistic mind of our generation , and maybe that's TOTALLY SALTY .
Maybe " totally salty " is an obvious derivative of " totally sweet " !
MAYBE .
But maybe I know my new phrases must serve a world that hates and fears them , so they have to take baby steps towards acceptance . First it's " totally salty " , then " So Salt " , then , " SS , but not in like the Hitler sense " .
. . . Maybe you ARE bad at idiom .
YEAH MAYBE
Let's say you die for whatever dumb reason ! There's a chance you become a SPOOKY GHOST !
OR IS THERE ? ?
Here's what ghosts do : throw plates around , rattle chains , point out where their body is buried , and appear in blurry photographs . Here's what ghosts DON'T DO : sit down with friends and catch up on all they missed , call up the media and explain about the afterlife , or run experiments to determine the limits and possibilities of their new existence .
Not all ghosts are scientists !
Yeah ! Surely SOME of them are ! !
Maybe they don't do this because - stay with me - ghosts don't exist ?
POSSIBLE BUT BORING .
POSSIBLE BUT INTERESTING : ghosts of PEOPLE don't exist , but ghosts of THINGS do . The ghost rattling chains is actually the CHAINS back from the dead , saying hi the only way they know how ! The ghost in the blurry photo is actually the ghost of some crappy photograph the person was in , in real life !
My friends , ghosts of our loved ones are ILLUSIONS , created by things to get our attention ! The afterlife isn't for us , Utahraptor . It's for our STUFF .
. . .
So yeah anyway heaven is full of candles and old socks , TRY TO ACT SURPRISED .
Will they or won't they ? This is a question asked in many love stories . People get really invested in whether they will or won't . ( HAVE SEX , THAT IS . )
( OMG . )
So here's the answer , babies : sometimes they will , sometimes they won't . Don't worry : most of the time they will though . We live in a world where most art is commercial and people boinking after a long period of not boinking but really wanting to boink is GREAT for business . Peeps wanna see peeps boink !
ESPECIALLY if those peeps have shared long and smouldering " hey whoah guess what I think I wanna boink you " glances in the past .
Oh man I love those glances ! Those glances are so great !
I know , right ?
They're in my top five glances , after the smouldering " hey whoah guess what I think I wanna slide any leftover food on my plate across the table to you " glance , and the smouldering " hey whoah guess what I think I wanna waive the maximum age restriction on this bouncy castle for you " gaze .
Once I got the smouldering " hey whoah guess what I think I wanna invite you up to my cabin where no foolin' my dad says we can ride actual dogsleds " glance , but turns out it was meant for the lady standing behind me
Man ! I was SO SAD for SO LONG !
Did he or didn't he ? This is a question asked in many murder mystery stories , ESPECIALLY those involving a male suspect . People really want to know if he did or didn't ( DO THE MURDER ACT , THAT IS . )
( GROSS . )
So here's the answer , babies : sometimes he did , sometimes he didn't . Don't worry : if he didn't , someone else totally did . Very few murder mysteries end with the detective saying " I cannot find any evidence to incriminate the suspect , let alone name one with any reasonable certainty . "
" This truly was the perfect crime . "
" Maybe I should quit detection and become a criminal . "
" After all , I have now learned from the best . "
" Holy cow , I'll do that . This story just got totally rad . "
" Having investigated the very best murders of our time , I start committing them myself ! My former colleagues investigate but find nothing , and then I murder them too until there's not even one investigator left , and all our nation's teens are going into engineering instead of police sciences because they're no fools . "
" Oh crap I just spoiled my own story ! "
" But it's still an awesome story so I'm glad I did . " " Also this saves someone , perhaps my best friend T - Rex , from now having to actually write it . " " Yaaay . "
One day a babysitter wondered why the kids were so quiet , so she went to the basement and there was a murderer with a bloody knife there , and that explained why the kids had been so quiet ! !
Welcome to " A Spooky Tale , or , OMG TERROR " - by me , T - Rex ! !
In fact , welcome to and thanks for visiting my spooky tale , because it's over now . Enjoy your new - found terror , and hey : thanks for listening .
. . . That wasn't very terrifying , dude .
Oh I'm sorry , did you miss the part where kids got TERRIFYINGLY MURDERIZED ? DID YOU SOMEHOW MISS THAT PART BECAUSE IT WAS MOST OF THE STORY ACTUALLY ? ?
You gotta set the mood , my friend ! We need anticipation !
Oh yeah , mood is SO much better than facts .
When police do reports their bosses are all " cool facts bro , but let's add mood first . Is it a dark and stormy night ? Is it the anniversary of some creepy murder from history ? " and the cop is like " No , " and the boss slides the report back across the table and is like " Maybe it is though is what I'm implying . "
They the cop is like " Uh , two kids got murdered ; the babysitter is in protective custody " and the boss is like " NO DON'T TELL ME ! ! I WANNA FIND OUT ON MY OWN . "
Wait wait wait ! !
MOOOOOOOOD
A Ghost Story With A Spooky Mood , by Steven King !
( The similar - to but still legally - distinct from " Stephen King " pen name of me , T - Rex ! )
My other pen names include " Mikael Crichtonne " , " Jay Deesalinger " , and " Epcot Fitzgerald " . Yeah . I do some pretty amazing work .
You were going to set a spooky mood , Mr . Deesalinger ?
Right ! Right . " It was a spooky house full of corpses , and ghosts too . "
Dude you gotta hold off on the ghosts !
THEY'RE WHAT'S THE SPOOKIEST !
Give us some sensory details first , you know ? " Through the wooden slats of the abandoned farmhouse I could see the sun setting , its dying light changing the fallow field that surrounded me to dark , unknowable wasteland . "
. . .
. . . So is there a ghost in that field or what
SOON :
" Through the wooden slats of the spooky ghosthouse I could see the sun itself becoming a ghost , its ghostly light turning every ghost that surrounded me into two ghosts which were , therefore , twice as frightening . "
. . . Oh my god , MOOD IS AMAZING ? ?
Alright , Hallowe'en is over , everybody !
Remember : nobody's allowed to take candy from strangers for another full year !
Also , nobody's allowed to dress like Draculas or Sexy Draculas for another full year either . We all have to be SENSIBLE now . No pointing out any ghosts you see , alright ? Just look right through them like they aren't there , keep brushing your teeth , go to bed , and BE SENSIBLE . Ignore how you can feel the weight of the ghost on the corner of your bed , and whenever you peek , you see he's moved ever closer , staring with dead , rotting eyes .
T - Rex ! I thought we were being SENSIBLE ?
I am ! I'm saying what NOT to do !
Everyone should IGNORE ghosts they see and NOT try to get rid of them , which they could do through a variety of means , such as . . . ?
Huh ? Oh ! Um , I think burning fresh sage is supposed to work ?
OH DAMN , THANKS , LISTEN I GOTTA SKATE
THE GROCERY STORE :
Man , I don't even know what sage looks like ! Is it , like , a leaf ? A seed ? Maaaaaaaan , is it even like a food ?
Maaaaaan SCREW GHOSTS , I don't need this hassle
Today I answer the question that has stymied generations of our greatest minds . What is the meaning of love ? Death ? Life itself ? ? NAY . Today we answer the only question that matters :
WHO HAS THE BIGGEST MUSCLES ? ?
Aaaaand it's me .
PEACE
Hey , I've been going to the gym ! I've got some big ones on my arms !
Whaaaaat ? ?
You can't go to the gym ! That's cheating ! It's like sneaking some performance - enhancing drugs , ONLY WORSE , because you're sneaking around with PERFORMANCE - ENHANCING LIFESTYLE .
I'm not sneaking ! How can I be inconspicuous with THESE massive pipes ? ?
. . . come on dude , everyone with big arm muscles knows that " pipes " is slang for big arm muscles !
OHHHHHHHH
Chris and Nat : two teens always competing in school for the highest grades ! Then , one day , as Chris was blowing out his candles on his birthday cake , he wished that , from now on , he would always know more than Nat .
And because it's what makes this story interesting , his wish totally came true ! !
But he didn't get smarter than Nat : instead , Chris's brain was filled with everything Nat knew , PLUS Chris's existing memories . Chris could now remember two childhoods , two histories , two sets of feelings for their mutual friends , could revisit conversations from both sides . And whenever something new hapened to Nat , Chris got it too .
From now on , Chris would always know more than Nat .
They're joined as two souls never have before !
No minds had ever been so close !
Nat was upset when told what was going on , but they reconciled quickly since Chris felt Nat's hurt just as deeply as Nat did . " Love " didn't describe their relationship . It was more like - shared personhood . A new state of being .
. . . Wow . That's really intense .
Later , they having some mind - blowing sex AND / OR grow up into cool spies where Nat sneaks in to read documents while Chris transcribes them in safety !
Like most authors , at the start of a new story I haven't quite decided if I'm writing erotica yet , you know ?
If I sleep the wrong way I can get an intense pain in my neck that follows me around for days . Days !
What the heck kinda shabby bodies are we inhabiting here ? !
It seems to be there are some DESIGN FLAWS , so , with respect , I am proposing we address this issue head - on and fix them . First up : spines . Make 'em so they don't have problems anymore , am I right ? Someone should do that finally .
Also , my saliva can't dissolve steel , and it would be more convenient for me if that were the case .
Also my eyes should spew nanites please and thank you .
Oh , so are these the sort of upgrades we're doing ?
Yeah man ! Why hold back ? ?
Okay , well , I'd like it if I could swap in any new limb at my leisure , including limbs that are tentacles and also guns .
Two separate limbs or combo tentacle / gun limbs ?
Ooh . Combination please .
HEY T - REX DO YOU EVER
LIKE
WONDER IF GIVING YOUR CREATIONS FREE WILL WAS A MISTAKE
. . . Yes ?
OH OKAY PHEW
The camera opens on an idyllic farmland scene : grain gently waving in the breeze , a red farmhouse in the distance . It's all , like , quiet farm stuff .
Suddenly , a futuristic , heavily - armoured flying car shoots past the farmhouse !
The audience sighs a sigh of relief because this story just got awesome . But then , the car flies off into the distance and we're stuck looking at wheat ! A few minutes pass , and we hear the sound of explosions and laser weapons fire coming from the distance , all " KAPOW " and " pew pew pew " , all " zzzzzot " and kksccchh - POW ! ! ! "
What's causing the rad explosions ?
All I can say is : if the grain knows , it's not telling ! !
And that means we don't know either . We hear distant shouting , but can't make out any words . Then the noise of - a dog ? A wolf ? Wait , maybe an elephant ? Oh man , are there elephants over there ? ?
. . . We simply can't say .
THE END
PS MY MOVIE IS A METAPHOR FOR WHAT HAPPENED TWO YEARS AGO WHEN NOBODY TEXTED ME THAT THERE WAS A RAD PARTY GOING ON
LISTEN , MOVIES TAKE A REALLY LONG TIME TO BRING TO MARKET OKAY
Our first question comes from a very handsome man . Oh my Gosh it's me ! !
And I'm all , how come there isn't an east pole and a west pole ?
Now that I've asked that , I'm thinking , hey , the north and the south poles are really just points the Earth rotates around , right ? So an east and west pole don't really make sense .
Right . But we've marked the line they would fall along , if they existed . We call it " the equator " .
Sooooo . . . scientists thought of this .
Yep !
Well , looks like I'm fresh out of questions to ask the Professor . You got anything ?
Just " If I die and go to heaven , do the digestive bacteria in my stomach go too , before you answer , what if I'm evil , could my gut flora go to heaven without me and if so , where would they live ? "
OH CRAP I FORGOT ABOUT EVIL PEOPLE'S GUT FLORA
What ? !
DUDE DON " T NARC ON ME LET ME FIX THIS OKAY
COME ON MAN TELL ME YOU'RE COOL I GOTTA KNOW YOU ARE COOL
The year is 1990 , and the world is a very different place ! All those old TV shows you liked are still new ! But more importantly :
The sentence " Like us on Facebook " has NEVER EVER been said !
Those were halcyon times ! In 1990 , the very construction " like us on " was weird , and could really only be finished with " your own terms , please . "
T - Rex , do you realize what this means ? !
. . . We should all definitely remember the 90s right now ?
NO . The first person who ever said " Like us on Facebook " is likely STILL ALIVE .
Oh my gosh .
OH MY GOSH .
This is like finding out the person who invented the phrase " talk to the hand " is still alive !
Well , that's from the 90s , so - yeah . They're out there . They may even be friends !
OH MY GOSH , CAN YOU IMAGINE ?
" Like us on Facebook ! " " Talk to the hand ! " " I will if you like us on Facebook ! " " I will if you address your comments towards my hand ! "
. . .
Hah ! God damn , what a couple of clowns .
What if what we perceive as " being high " is actually our natural state , and it's the REAL WORLD that's actually chemically altered ? ?
WHAT
T - REX COME ON
What ? ?
I CAN TELL THAT YOU'RE COMPLETELY SOBER AND YET THAT IS THE HIGHEST OF HIGH TALK
I'm just saying , what if the real world is accessible only by drugs and what we CALL " reality " is the true insane illusion ? ?
WOW
NEVER BEFORE HAS SOMEONE SO SOBER SOUNDED SO INSANELY HIGH
What if all of reality is an illusion ?
OH MY GOSH , what if ?
What if we're brains in a jar or computer simulations , or created one second ago with a fake history going back centuries ? WHO CARES ? It's an untestable hypothesis and therefore irrelevant . This is the only reality we've got , and we're learning more about it every day .
Let's own it .
Let's use our curiosity and intelligence to their full potential . Let's solve every problem we see . Let's make any other state of being jealous of how IMPOSSIBLY RAD we are .
. . . Um , at this juncture I feel you should know I spent most of yesterday eating chips in my underpants
Everyone needs a bio on Twitter Dot Com Slash Your Twitter Name ! Well , everyone who signed up for Twitter .
Look .
You brought this problem on yourself .
Okay , so let's say your Twitter bio is " I'm fun and I have cool interests ! : ) : D ; I "
We gotta punch this up : tell us your cool interests !
" I like eating , drinking , and music " ?
NICE . But we need more sentences and adjectives . Try passionate , lifelong , incurable , freelance , unashamed , or diehard . And add guru , ninja , junkie , trailblazer , creator , AND / OR evangelist after those dang nouns !
" Incurable eating trailblazer . Unashamed drinking evangelist . Diehard freelance music ninja . "
EVEN NICER !
Now we just gotta spike it with some vaguely appealing single - word sentences . " Explorer . Romantic . Inventor . Eccentric . " And you're done ! You've got a Twitter bio to be " proud " of .
Did you put " proud " in air quotes ?
Hah ! What a question ! !
LATER :
T - Rex , your Twitter bio just says " Sexy in that trashy way . You know what I'm talking about . Yeah you do . You know . Shut up , you do . "
YEAH I'M OPERATING ON AN ADVANCED LEVEL HERE , THANKS
We have many weapons at our disposal , and yet , our on great endeavour - our one great obsession - is not yet weaponized .
I speak , of course , of love !
And yet it's so easy to weaponize it ! We recruit our most flabbergastingly attractive hotties and send them to whatever nations we don't like anymore . They meet the leaders there and make them fall for 'em ! DONE .
. . . Isn't there a danger our nation's hotties would also fall for them , thereby ruining out plan ?
NOPE ! Because the hotties already got sweeties at home . Like , life - partner level .
Then how can our hotties convincingly fake falling in love with world leaders ?
EASY . They don't fake it !
They're POLYAMOROUS hotties , baby . Out poly spies make the monogamous leaders fall for 'em , then dump 'em before major events to they're all upset and sad and can't focus . Oh wow , THANK YOU , polyamorous hotties ! YOU AND YOUR SLAMMIN' BODIES AND BANGIN' PERSONALITIES HAVE SAVED THE FREE WORLD .
Okay but , like , what if a world leader is poly too ?
. . .
THEN MAY GOD HELP US ALL
Hey !
Who wants a sweet deal on some USED FRIGGIN' SOCKS ?
T - Rex , that is the least - appealing offer I have ever contemplated .
I also found a moist bed that's like - all used up ? ?
I -
I stand corrected .
What else you got , stained underwear ? Boogers spread on toast to make racist portraits of celebs ? ?
You buyin' ? ?
No . No , I am not buying racist portraits of celebs made out of boogers on toast .
Gotcha . { { italics } } Meet me in the alleyway in five minutes .
GOODBYE , STRANGER ! WE SHALL NEVER MEET AGAIN ! ESPECIALLY NOT IN AN ALLEYWAY I CALL " THE ILLEGAL ACTIVITY ZONE " !
FIVE MINUTES LATER , UTAHRAPTOR DOES NOT MEET T - REX IN THAT ALLEYWAY :
HAH HAH HAH !
I AM QUITE BAD AT THIS
We sleep at night because we're tired !
And we're tired because we were up all day ! !
T - Rex is there a point to this or are you
You know
Just figuring this out now ?
My point is , there's no real reason why we sleep at night EXCEPT that we were up during the day ! We could sleep all day and party all night if only we had the audacity , the sheer force of will !
Some people do this , T - Rex ! There's advantages to it .
Do Tell !
Well let's see : less traffic , a shorter line at the park , I can't think of any others but there's probably more . . .
DUDE , I'm doing this . I'm staying up all night and sometimes into the early afternoon for some crazy 2pm parties ! !
When I look up at lunch instead of a single sun I see millions , their ancient star - light dancing in my eyes because unlike most , mine were open . How can I ever go back , trading the beauty of the universe for one lonely sun ?
Dude I think you took too much
FUN ALTERNATIVES TO THANKSGIVING
BANKSGIVING
Because you're so glad bank exist !
CELEBRATION IS MANDATORY .
TANKSGIVING
THE BEST OF ALL THE HOLIDAYS : everyone gets a new tank ! Then we drive around in tanks blowing up other tanks until there's only one tank left ! Then we destroy all evidence Tanksgiving ever happened and submit to having our memories erased , as per the accord we all eagerly agreed to when that deranged billionaire offered the world the chance of Tanksgiving !
FRANKSGIVING
Not a real holiday .
DO NOT LISTEN TO FRANK .
PRANKSGIVING
It's like those cans full of fake snakes that jump out when you open them , but with the turkey ! And mashed potatoes ! And gravy !
Everyone gets bruised and goes home hungry !
WHAT FUN
SPANKSGIVING
I'm giving thanks for spanks ! It's like , a sex thing !
Cool
Cool cool
English is a pretty good language !
IT'S OKAY
Yeah , it's okay .
I mean , it used to be a billion times better !
Here's me speaking modern English : " Let's go see a movie the day after tomorrow . "
Sounds legit ; I'm down .
But here's me speaking CLAUSSICCE ENGLISSHE : " Let's go see a fantastical image that moves as if alive . . . OVERMORROW . " Overmorrow , babies !
" The day after tomorrow " in one word !
That's a syllable savings of over 42 % !
With semantic density this low , we must be insane !
EXACTLY MY POINT . English is like software that keeps pushing out cool new updates , but then also drops old features ! Well SORRY APP STORE , but I'm keeping my old version . You know , the one I've been using since EREYESTERDAY ? ?
The day before yesterday ?
WE HAD SO MANY GOOD WORDS , YO .
FIVE MONTHS LATER :
* ding * English has updated ! Dictionary module expanded ( selfie , twerk ) plus five new unlockable pronouns . Dropped support for case marking .
NOT ON MY WATCH
Did you mean . . . Not on I watch ?
Oh nooooo
Everyone has some problems , right ? We all got our own problems . Well .
NOT ANYMORE .
Not if you purchase and then read my new book , " The Dude Without Any Problems ! How To Become That Dude By Reading This Book ; Also Dude Is Being Used In The Gender - Neutral Sense , So Hello Women , You Too May Buy This Book Please " .
Thanks for including me in your title , T - Rex .
But of course !
May I get a free sample ?
But also of course !
" All problems stem from reality not living up to our hopes and dreams . Either change reality or your hopes and dreams : in other words suck it up , AND / OR , walk it off . THE END . "
Is that . . . the entire book ?
YEP ! !
It's short but it costs $ 200 a copy because I am bad at , like -
- oh , what's it called -
Um , " BUSINESS " ? ?
CORN IS THE MOST WIDELY - CULTIVATED PLANT ON THE ENTIRE PLANET T - REX
Hooray for corn !
I say that sarcastically , because who cares about corn ! !
DID YOU KNOW THAT CORN WAS FIRST DOMESTICATED THOUSANDS AND THOUSANDS OF YEARS AGO
Oh my god , no . NO . I already know too much about stairs , I am NOT gonna learn about corn ! !
How is that a bad thing ? It's the most widely - cultivated plant -
ON THE PLANET , I know , I KNOW
Hey T - Rex , quick question ! What's the coolest place to take someone on a date ?
Oh ! Um -
. . . Nope , it's gone . I used to know cool things to do with cool people , but then I learned about corn . I'm sorry Utahraptor : I'm useless to you now .
Oh hey , did you know a pound of corn is about 1300 kernels ?
UTAHRAPTOR NOOOO
ACTUALLY EACH KERNEL OF CORN CONTAINS THE DREAMS OF A CHILD FROM THOUSANDS OF YEARS AGO SO WHEN YOU EAT IT YOU ARE FEASTING ON THEIR LONG - DEAD HOPES
. . .
. . . okay , wow , that corn fact is pretty cool actually
Is it possible to be on hold and then the company closes and I'm still on hold ?
Because I'm pretty sure that's what happened !
If I'm committed to this , I'm going to be on hold for the next 12 to 15 hours . I'm kinda tempted to do this , Dromiceiomimus ! I'll say , " Do you have any idea how long I've been on hold ? ? " and they'll say " No " and I'll say " Well , anyway it was a long time " .
It's good to have dreams that are achievable , T - Rex !
Exactly !
What if the system drops you at the eight hour mark ?
Disaster !
Or what if the next day they answer new calls but you're still left on hold indefinitely , one lone phone line forever in use , forgotten , discovered only years from now when they pick up a dusty phone in some closet and you're all " Oh good , FINALLY ! " ?
Or what if they pick up right now while you're out wandering around with nothing in your hands ? ?
OH FRIG , MY PHONE
AND MY PANTS , OH FRIG , HOW LONG HAVE I BEEN GOING OUT WITHOUT FRIGGIN' PANTS
Hello ! Do you want to find someone to commit to and share THE ENTIRE REST OF YOUR LIFE WITH ? Because you don't have to ! You can just have fun sex with each other and that's it !
We invented that !
We call it " casual sex " !
. . . Still here ? You heard what I said about casual sex , right ? And yet you're not out looking for casual sex partners RIGHT NOW ? Hmm . Maybe I didn't explain it right . Okay .
You know how at the office when there's casual Fridays , and you look forward to it all week ? What if it was casual Friday every day ? And rather than going into work , you straight - up had cool sex instead ?
Why , I'd be fired !
It's a metaphor .
Or an analogy . It's that thing where I compare two things to make you agree with me , you know ?
Analogy .
But there's metaphorical elements to it . Is there , like , a special name for that kind of analogy ?
T - REX YOU HAVE TURNED A CONVERSATION ABOUT SEX INTO A DISCUSSION ABOUT LITERARY TECHNIQUES
Obvs ! That's how come I get so much casual sex ! !
I MEAN
I'M NOT SURPRISED
Have you ever been asked by a parent " what is going on in your life " only to realize you totally don't want to talk to them about your life ? Lucky for you I can tell you
HOW TO BLUFF YOUR WAY THROUGH EVERY CONVERSATION WITH YOUR PARENTS ABOUT YOUR LIFE
Normally I answer " How are things ? " with " Good ! You know , nothing new ! " and that does the trick !
STRICTLY AMATEUR HOUR , my friend . Your response leaves you open to further questions ! Instead , simply memorize and recite this one phrase : " There's a lot going on , but I can't talk about it just yet . What about you ? "
Surely that just kicks the can down the road !
Right !
But when you ARE finally called on it , cornered with no hope but to reply , then simply recite THIS one phrase instead : " I was avoiding the question as I'm uncomfortable talking about my own life in that way . Lol wtf ! "
Do I have to say the " Lol wtf " part ?
YEP THAT'S WHAT MAKES IT MAGIC
THE END
PS YOU SHOULD DEFINITELY TRY THIS , NOTHING BAD WILL HAPPEN I PROMISE *
* I AM A FICTIONAL COMIC STRIP NARRATOR , NOBODY LISTEN TO ME
Our first letter comes from Pete ! It says , " Hey Professor , how can I know when a girl likes me ? From Pete . "
Peteeeeeey has a giiiiiirlfriiiiiend ! !
Petey do you want to smooch on her face ? Petey do you want to kiss her on her body ? ?
Petey do you want to hold her hand and tell her how important she is to you ?
PETEY DO YOU WANT TO WORK TOGETHER WITH HER ON PROJECTS AND ACTIVITIES ? ?
Petey do you want to create the deepest interpersonal connection you've ever experienced with her ?
OMG , Petey !
Petey do you want to commit to someone without fear , share yourself without shame , find in yourself the amazing beautiful person you'd always hoped you'd become as she finds it in herself too ?
Petey do you want to wake up in love and go to bed even more in love every day for the rest of your life ? ?
Listen , Petey , do you want to let me know if she has a hot sister ? ?
This sounds real nice
I KNOW IT WAS YOU WHO FARTED
a web card
oh my god
oh my god
i can taste it
i think it's like - discolouring my skin
i'm not even joking
Hey what's up ?
ANYWAY YEAH THAT'S BASICALLY HOW IT WENT DOWN
ENJOY THE WEB CARD , SMELLY
AND MAYBE SEE A DOCTOR ; THERE ARE THINGS THAT ARE WRONG INSIDE YOU
Let's pretend we are . . .
TEENS !
Hello ! I am old enough to be a sexual being !
Neato !
Me too
I'm old enough to drink !
Legally !
Because , as you know , there's nothing preventing you from drinking earlier except the unexamined idea that laws invented by other people are worth observing .
[ [ no dialog ] ]
Let's pretend we are . . .
BABIES !
I cannot survive on my own and have yet to learn how to control my excretions !
Tell me about it ! OH WAIT YOU CAN'T SINCE WE'RE NOT LINGUISTIC .
I have more to look forward to in this moment than I ever will have again !
Correct !
Wow . That's sad , isn't it ? As adults , our futures become smaller and smaller each day .
YEP .
Oh well ! AT LEAST WE GET CLOUDING MINDS , BRITTLE BONES , AND FAILING ORGANS IN EXCHANGE ? ?
. . . Wait .
Wait , that's not a joke ! Dude , that's literally what happens to us ! ! Ahhh !
AHHHHHHHHHHHHH
You wake up in a world where electricity doesn't exist anymore ! Dang !
You really crapped the bed on this one !
You try to turn on the light but it doesn't work because , hey , no electricity . So you think you'll go into work in your electric car but -
- no electricity ?
EXACTLY .
Props on me for owning an electric car though .
Yeah , I mean , it's nice .
I decide to take my regular car !
Still doesn't work ! Batteries , yo !
I realize I can't move or breathe since muscle control is electrical so I suffocate , but it's no big deal since my brain is also electrical so I'M ALREADY DEAD . Everyone's INSTA - DEAD , yo . Thanks T - Rex !
Wait , no , I didn't -
TOO LATE WE'RE ALL CORPSES
I CAN'T WAIT TO TELL YOUR MOM YOU KILLED AN ENTIRE IMAGINARY PLANET FOR NO REASON
Nooooo
HOW MANY IMAGINARY FUNERALS ARE YOU RESPONSIBLE FOR , T - REX ? ?
Nooooo , it's like - WAY too many
Hmm ? right now I could be bettering myself and the world we all share .
OR YOU COULD PLAY VIDEO GAMES
DANG IT , HE'S GOT ME THERE !
T - REX'S BUSY DAY
Maybe I should go on a diet !
OR MAYBE - - AND STAY WITH ME - - MAYBE YOU SHOULD PLAY VIDEO GAMES
Oh snap , maybe ! !
T - Rex , want to come to a party tonight ?
Sure , I - -
VIDEO GAMES
Nevermind !
T - Rex maybe we all thing you've been playing too many video games lately !
OR MAYBE WE ALL THINK THERE'S A NEW VIDEO GAME OUT WHERE YOU CAN RAMP A HORSE OFF A ROOF AND THEN THE HORSE LANDS ON A PLANE AND PUNCHES ENOUGH THAT SHE TAKES OVER THE PLANE
OH MY GOD I need to go do that !
THEN THE HORSE KICKS OUT THE OLD PILOT AND SAYS " BALE OUT " LIKE BALE AS IN HAY
Every second I'm not playing this game is a second I WILL LITERALLY REGRET ON MY DEATH BED , AHHHHHHHHH
We're getting near the end of the year ! You know what that means . . .
TIME TO PREDICT THE FUTURE , BABIES !
And I am here to tell you that one hundred years from now , the internet will be much faster and our phones will be much cooler . For example , we'll be able to take pictures with them and apply filters that NOT ONLY make the colours messed up but ALSO add in cool explosions to the background ! !
I , FOR ONE , CANNOT WAIT .
How come you futurists always just add to existing technology ?
Huh ?
A hundred years from now and we're still messing around with phones we have to hold in our hands ? A hundred years from now if I can't chat up the hotties telepathically then WE HAVE TRULY BEEN WASTING OUR TIME AND POTENTIAL .
Telepathic hottie chat ? ?
TELEPATHIC HOTTIE CHAT :
[ [ thought bubble ] ] Hey baby do u like to kiss on dudes ? ? bc IM A DUDE
[ [ thought bubble ] ] SEND TO : all hotties / REGIONS : all / FLAGS : important , must - read , NOT A JOKE
In my new movie script , THERE'S TROUBLE AT THE NORTH POLE . With more than seven billion people on Earth , Santa can't keep up !
Even if a bunch of them don't do Christmas it's still like , WAY too many !
Does this mean Christmas is . . . CANCELLED ?
NO , because Santa asks his elves to build him a duplicating ray . He duplicates himself and the toys , so now kids can get twice the toys in half the time . Christmas is saved !
Oh okay !
Phew
But THEN it turns out the duplicates were evil , and evil Santa fires the ray at the Earth itself !
Oh no !
A second Earth appears beside the first one , and gravity smashes the two planets together , killing billions . Those who survive struggle to even move on this heavy new Earth , but must now battle their evil counterparts for control of the planet's double - sized nuclear arsenal ! !
I call my film , " A Christmas Carol " . My hope is people will rent it by accident !
" This isn't how I remember this movie going , and yet , I find I cannot complain " . - - EVERYONE ? ?
TRENDING TOPICS IN 2014
# OMG
In the future , it stand for " Only Muscles ( Are ) Good " !
YES
# SEX
I just want to talk about sex in the new year !
Man , I hear that
HOLLA
# CHUCKLES
Folks love to chuckle in 2014 !
I can't wait !
# OTHERPEOPLIES
Like selfies , but you turn the camera around so it takes a picture of everyone EXCEPT you ! Certain " otherpeoplies " will be so good that some will turn pro , their WHOLE JOBS being just to take pics of strangers !
Whoaaaah
# SKYBUMS
Photos of butts in ( and on ! ) airplanes . I dunno , the future's rue sometimes ?
TRY TO ACT SURPRISED ? ?
Hello , class ! Ever want to program your own computer game ?
You HAVE ? ?
Well frig ! THAT's a bit of good news , because we're going to learn precisely how to do JUST THAT today !
First off , you're gonna need a computer and a game idea . If you don't have a game idea , here's one you can use for free : what if there was a cute li'l ant who wanted to help its friends build up their ant colony some ?
YES . And you can play as the parasitoidal fungus !
The what ?
You grow inside an ant's body and take over its brain so you can move to the leaf you want . Then you consume its body for food , and THEN you force a stalk full of spores - your reproductive structure - to grow right out of the ant's head .
. . . Does this happen in real life ? ?
Every day , dude .
ATTENTION CLASS !
Programming class is cancelled in favour of a new and neverending lecture series on how life is nasty , brutish , and way barfworthy
It's Christmas Eve ! Why do I feel like I'm forgetting . . .
. . . something . . .
OH DANGS AND TOOTS ; I SERIOUSLY FORGOT TO GET ANYONE PRESENTS
Don't worry about it , T - Rex !
What ?
. . . Really ?
Yeah , I'm cool too ! It's nice just to see you , you know ?
WHAT'S GOING ON ? ?
I mean , I guess it's weird , but I think I'm at the point in my life where I look forward to seeing family and friends at Christmas way more than I look forward to making them do my shopping for me - you know ? Also , I can't tell them exactly what I want when they go shopping , so they have to guess .
And this one aunt keeps buying me chocolates and I'm like , yo , I have plenty of chocolate already , can't we hang out and be chill without you buying me things I don't need ? Is it so weird to want that ? Am I crazy ? ?
Utahraptor
Gimme them chocolates
If you are on a page with six different flashing " download now ! " buttons , I'm way good at knowing which one is the link to the actual file you want !
Ladies .
Do you ever wonder if computers are the ones training us to do their reading for them , for when the robot revolution comes ? Like , perhaps the Earth will be coated with a haze that distorts letters in a weird and bendy way and they'll need us to read their refueling instructions ?
Oh , constantly
Be still my beating heart !
So sexy !
Turns out all you need is a desire NOT to interact with homophobic , racist strangers !
WHO KNEW
I don't get that many emails anymore !
Nice !
Yes , truly this IS what freedom tastes like
When a man and a woman love each other very much , they share a very special hug !
It's not always that special though , you guys !
TRAUMATIC INSEMINATION COMICS
Sometime in the past , male bedbugs realized that since they have an open circulatory system , if a female doesn't want to have sex with them they can just CRACK OPEN HER BODY and inject their sperm right into her chest , where it will eventually reach her ovaries ! And now all males have these HYPODERMIC STAB WEINERS , and the women are left with fully - functional genital tracts that are only used when it's time to deposit the eggs !
The ladies evolved some countermeasures though , didn't they ?
Yep ! In the form of EXTRA GENITALS .
They've got this paragenitalia - paragenitalia ! - on their chests that's this target for the guys , but which also limits their damage and lowers the chance of infection .
Wow .
Yeah , when people talk to me about intelligent design , I yell " BED BUGS HAVE INSTITUTIONALIZED STAB RAPES " .
That - that normally ends the conversation right there
" Writing is hard ! " - you know who says this ? NON - WRITERS . That's because REAL writers know the secret :
Writing is , like , way super easy !
THE SECRET TO HOW TO BE REAL GOOD AT WRITING STUFF .
Here's the secret : YOU HAVE A BODY .
That's no secret , baby !
Haha , TRUE , but your body has some involuntary responses : if it gets cold , you shiver ! If it's too warm , you sweat ! If something's funny , YOU LAUGH . If something's insanely erotic , YOU MAKE SURE NOBODY'S LOOKING AND THEN , I DUNNO , LOCK THE DOOR OR WHATEVER .
Oh my gosh , you're saying -
YES .
Comedy and erotica are the two easiest genres to write , because your body lets you know when you're doing it well ! You don't even have to think about it . Drama's stupid hard because we don't have a drama organ that reacts when it sees good drama . I tell you , if drama was as engaging as erotica , I'd write a lot more of it .
Well , that's not true . I'd read a lot more drama , and I'd be really into that drama , and then SUPER into that drama , and then SUPER SUPER into that drama , and then suddenly not into the drama at all and reaaaal sleepy .
Real talk ? ?
" Writing is hard ! " - you know who says this ? NON - WRITERS . That's because REAL writers know the secret :
Writing is , like , way super easy !
THE SECRET TO HOW TO BE REAL GOOD AT WRITING STUFF .
Here's the secret : YOU HAVE A BODY .
That's no secret , baby !
Haha , TRUE , but your body has some involuntary responses : if it gets cold , you shiver ! If it's too warm , you sweat ! If something's funny , YOU LAUGH . If something's insanely erotic , YOU MAKE SURE NOBODY'S LOOKING AND THEN , I DUNNO , LOCK THE DOOR OR WHATEVER .
Oh my gosh , you're saying -
YES .
Comedy and erotica are the two easiest genres to write , because your body lets you know when you're doing it well ! You don't even have to think about it . Drama's stupid hard because we don't have a drama organ that reacts when it sees good drama . I tell you , if drama was as engaging as erotica , I'd write a lot more of it .
Well , that's not true . I'd read a lot more drama , and I'd be really into that drama , and then SUPER into that drama , and then SUPER SUPER into that drama , and then suddenly not into the drama at all and reaaaal sleepy .
Real talk ? ?
Who is the best at video games ? Ladies and gentlemen of the jury , I put to you a simple answer :
ME .
And may I present , exhibit A : a picture of me next to a video game box and giving a thumbs up . Exhibit B : a picture of someone else throwing their controller away in frustration , while in contrast I'M holding my controller calmly and winking coquettishly at the camera . Exhibit C : fan art I made of me and Shigeru Miyamoto where he's holding a sign that says " T - Rex rules at games ! ! Signed me , Shigeru Miyamoto . "
He invented Mario !
Objection ! BECAUSE OBVIOUSLY I KNOW WHO HE IS .
There's only one way to settle this , and that is for us to play EVERY SINGLE VIDEO GAME EVER MADE and see who is the best at each of them .
YOU'RE ON . Trial adjourned .
Yeah I was gonna ask about that trial thing , but you know what , nevermind .
Hey , remember when we had , like , jobs ?
HAH HAH HAH
NOPE
T - REX TELL ME A SUPERMAN STORY
Sure ! One day Superman was battling skyscraper - sized robots from Mars in downtown Metropolis !
I LIKE IT ALREADY
. . . I - I do too , actually !
Okay , so Superman punches the robot but then one grabs him in its hand and tries to squeeze him to death . Superman uses his heat vision to melt the arm off , then swings it around like a baseball bat to knock that robot into the nearby ocean . This fries the robot's systems , which gives Superman an idea !
He runs towards Puerto Rico at super - speed !
The Arecibo observatory ! Of course !
YES .
He fills the giant satellite dish thingy with water and dumpts it on the other robots . Earth is saved !
And all it cost us was the largest radio telescope on the planet !
" How useful was it , " Superman says , " if it never even noticed there were colossal robots on Mars .
" Ziiiing . "
One day it turns out that climate change is real ! OH SNAP , BET Y'ALL WISH YOU DIDN'T EMIT ALL THOSE GREENHOUSE GASES " JUST TO SEE WHAT HAPPENS " NOW , HUH ?
But climate didn't change in the way we expected !
Rather than increasingly severe and unusual weather systems , instead climate changed in a way nobody anticipated . . . it became SELF - AWARE . It became . . . ALIVE . And it became ANGRY .
Does the climate take a name ? " Gaia " ? " Terra " ?
INDEED IT DOES : " Little Mister Chubby Cheeks . "
" Little Mister Chubby Cheeks " .
It's such an awesome name !
" Save us from Little Mister Chubby Cheeks " everyone cried as a volcano erupted in NYC ! " Oh , Little Mister Chubby Cheeks , if only I'd recycled more , but it's too late now since lava is turning me into a skeleton . "
It's like - do you do this on purpose ? Or is this just what you think stories look like ?
. . . is what Utahraptor cried before he got struck by five lightnings at once ! " PS : T - Rex rules and I'm glad we're friends " were his last words ! THE END .
Well , I mean
That's fair
I SPEND A LOT OF TIME THINKING ABOUT : pizza
WHAT I'M DOING WITH MY LIFE : machines
Congratulations , Dromiceiomimus !
You win this round of " Guess the famous person from their dating profile " !
This is a fun game for friends to play .
AGREED !
THE FIRST THING PEOPLE USUALLY NOTICE ABOUT ME : cool toes
Aw come on !
Utahraptor , it's supposed to be famous people , not yourself ! !
You did a Ninja Turtle ! That's not even a real person , and my toes ARE rad !
WHAT I'M DOING WITH MY LIFE : being big into my own friggin' toes
Yo , some days I wonder why I walk past Dromiceiomimus so quickly
T - REX TELL ME A BATMAN STORY
But of course !
One day Batman was fighting the joker on a giant typewriter !
" This reminds me of some of my previous adventures , " Batman thought to himself , while typing out " k you need 2 go 2 jail now " on the keyboard . The giant keys rained punishing blows on the Joker's struggling form ! !
Sounds like Batman's winning !
He was , until the Joker sprayed acid onto the typewriter !
The acid combined with the exotic metal of the typewriter to produce a strange gas which -
Batman sucks ! !
. . . What ?
WHAT DID YOU JUST SAY ?
I didn't say anything !
I don't see anyone else here ! And SOMEONE just opined Batman to be a sucky dude , A BLATANT AND ACTIONABLE FALSEHOOD ! !
Batman isn't even as good as as a turd in a blanket
Ah yes , the familiar sound of my eardrums exploding of their own volition rather than listen to even one more HORRIBLE LIE
A good story needs conflict !
Luckily for you , a good EDUCATION in story doesn't need conflict ; all we need are easy - to - understand facts presented clearly . So that's what this is .
To reiterate : put the conflict in your stories , and then the stories are good now .
The end .
What sort of conflict should be presented ?
Any kind is acceptable !
I'm partial to " sandwich artist vs . sandwich " but am willing to entertain argument made in favour of " spaceship vs . cooler spaceship " .
Thanks for your help , T - Rex ! There is no conflict between us .
Excellent
I concur .

I take back what I said about good stories needing conflict ! !
THIS IS AMAZING
You want to kiss on someone rad ? Okay !
That's weird , but whatever !
HOW TO KISS ON A PERSON
for real this time
Here's what you wanna do : you wanna take the outer edge of your digestive tract and , with their consent , push it up against the entrance ( and , when they vomit , exit ) of someone else's digestive tract . Let fluid flow through that exchange . If you're cheeky , maybe push that wet , prehensile muscle out from your mouth and partially into theirs . You know - move it around a li'l .
See what you taste .
Who are you and what have you done with T - Rex ? ?
I'm T - Rex , the sentient dinosaur !
The REAL T - Rex LOVES kissing , and he would never describe his tongue as " a wet prehensile muscle " ! !
Well , okay , he might do that actually . But in a POSITIVE way . He'd be big into it .
" Look how prehensile it is , " he'd say .
Using my prehensile powers I can shape my tongue thusly , turning it into a tiny waterslide for this lump of food left over from some larger food I ate earlier ! ! !
Like that : precisely .
. . . Okay , I guess you're really him NEVERMIND
You want to kiss on someone rad ? Okay !
That's weird , but whatever !
HOW TO KISS ON A PERSON
for real this time
Here's what you wanna do : you wanna take the outer edge of your digestive tract and , with their consent , push it up against the entrance ( and , when they vomit , exit ) of someone else's digestive tract . Let fluid flow through that exchange . If you're cheeky , maybe push that wet , prehensile muscle out from your mouth and partially into theirs . You know - move it around a li'l .
See what you taste .
Who are you and what have you done with T - Rex ? ?
I'm T - Rex , the sentient dinosaur !
The REAL T - Rex LOVES kissing , and he would never describe his tongue as " a wet prehensile muscle " ! !
Well , okay , he might do that actually . But in a POSITIVE way . He'd be big into it .
" Look how prehensile it is , " he'd say .
Using my prehensile powers I can shape my tongue thusly , turning it into a tiny waterslide for this lump of food left over from some larger food I ate earlier ! ! !
Like that : precisely .
. . . Okay , I guess you're really him NEVERMIND
Antonio Tony wakes up in a world without fiction ! All around him are facts , and facts only !
The people on this planet have never conceived of things that haven't happened !
In this incredible world , Antonio -
Do the people there have cars ?
Huh ? Yeah . Yeah , they've got cars .
But how did they invent them if invention is the act of imagining and then creating things that don't yet exist ? How do they have paintings ? Music ? RAD FANART ? ?
Yeah , how do they even talk to each other ?
EASILY AND FACTUALLY .
WHICH WAS THE WHOLE POINT OF THIS , actually , in case you -
But language involves metaphor , which is a creative act ! What happens if someone shouts " It's raining cats and dogs " ? ?
The same thing that happens when I shout " It's raining whooby whabba zoop - zoop " , OKAY ? ?
. . . which is to say , I get kicked out of the restaurant and then my date doesn't think I'm so cool anymore .
* sigh *
It was raining real hard though , YOU DON'T EVEN KNOW
T - REX TELL ME A SPIDER - MAN STORY
Can do ! One day bullied teen John Spiderman got bit by a spider !
And that spider itself had been bit by an adult man !
John found he now had the proportional speed and strength of a spider , AND the insecurities of a man . To be perfectly clear : he had the worries of the kind of man who would put a spider in his mouth , bite that spider , and then let the spider go on its merry way .
Must have been a pretty big spider , yeah ?
Big wiggly hairy one , yeah . Dude just straight - up mouthed it .
T - Rex , it's me , Utahraptor ! Utahraptor from the future ! !
Woah , really ?
YES . I CAME BACK TO WARN YOU : your John Spiderman story is sucky and dumb ! !
Huh ? Wait , does my story destabilize the space - time continuum or what ?
No , I just don't care for it !
Listen , time travel's cheap in the future .
Also I got ruuuuude
this " I travelled back in time to tell you off " manoeuvre seems to be a novel and advanced - level rhetorical technique } }
T - REX TELL ME A BIBLE STORY
Alright , I . . . um .
Huh .
[ [ in small font ] ] iguessishouldvereadthebibleatsomepoint
WHAT WAS THAT
I didn't know there'd be a quiz ! ! Anyway , I know the highlights : Adam and Eve , garden of Eden , and there's a talking snake which honestly is a PRETTY GUTSY thing to open up a religious text with . You're all " this is a very serious book , everyone . Okay ! Here's Slippy the Talking Snake ! "
WHATEVER DUDE NORSE MYTHOLOGY HAS F ? FNIR THE TALKING DRAGON
SERIOUSLY ? ?
Trading up religions to Norse mythology forever now ! ! I didn't know DRAGONS were an option !
And dwarfs !
Actually , F ? fnir's a dwarf who got turned INTO a dragon , and then he gets killed by Gram , who is a magic sword . Magic swords get names in Norse mythology .
OMG
So many wasted years spent in non - Norse society .
WHY
didn't anyone TELL ME
that religions with GROSS BOATS and SWORDS were a VIABLE OPTION
I dropped my favorite mug and now it's broken ! Now all I have are sucky pieces of a broken mug !
THINGS HAPPEN FOR A REASON T - REX
Yes , my mug broke because I dropped it from a terminal height !
NO I MEANT MORE IN THE SENSE THAT I WORK IN MYSTERIOUS WAYS
Ahhh , I get what you're saying ! My mug broke because its kinetic energy derived from gravitational potential energy was converted into an impact force beyond the mug's ability to withstand , but the precise values of those calculations are way mysterious until I run the numbers .
Of course ! !
I'm sorry about your mug , but things happen for a reason , T - Rex !
That's what I'm saying ! I agree 100 % ! !
My mug fell because I loosened my grasp on it , allowing the myosin molecules that had bonded with actin molecules in my hands to dissolve their crossbridge bond , causing the mug to slip ! There's always a clear causality chain that we can use to determine the origin of things happening . Phew !
People say things happen for a reason , but I'm pretty sure things happen because they're what people made happen through their previous actions !
Ahhhh , yes .
How perfectly reasonable
what you need to know is the mug had " THINGS HAPPEN FOR A REASON , T - REX " printed on it ] ]
DINO CHUCKLES
part 1
Hey guys it's me , " T - Rex " , or as some people call me , " Dino Chuckles " .
Nobody calls you that .
Well they're about to start , once they hear my sweet chuckles !
So lay these chuckleprompts on me !
It will be my pleasure ! And YOUR chuckle !
One day I tried to sell a story about a talking dog , but people thought the premise was too -
If you say " far - fetched " then I'm leaving
FAR - FETCHED ? ?
THIS COMIC WAS NARRATED TO ME LIVE BY ANDREW HUSSIE
AUTHOR OF HOMESTUCK AND BELOVED CREATOR OF NAMCO HIGH
BEHOLD HIM NOW , AS HE TRULY IS
" dino chuckles " , the name , is pronounced with a short " i " , just to make it special . ] ]
T - REX TELL ME A SHERLOCK HOLMES STORY
Not a problem !
I call this tale , " Sherlock Holmes and Aaron who Smells " .
" You smell really bad ! " Sherlock correctly deduces at Aaron !
" Furthermore , I can deduce from your stupid shirt that you're a big jerk who sucks " , Sherlock continues . Aaron was this guy who always insulted me , the author , in grade three . In real life , I mean ! I spent a long time thinking of how I could get back at him , then one day I overheard someone else say " back to you " when THEY got insulted , and it seemed to be an unstoppable retort ! I WAS FINALLY READY .
Sherlock agrees with me that digression is interesting !
Did your plan work ?
Briefly !
But then Aaron said " back to you with no returns " , and I was trapped . He had delivered the insult back to me and I could not return it ! ! Anyway Sherlock Holmes heard about how this happened and decided to take the case and later he found out Aaron actually sucked out loud .
THE END
. . . Seriously , it's like you're inventing new genres all the time . What's this ? Fanfic autobio ?
Pfft . I invented that YEARS ago . THIS is Fanfic Autobio Detective Mystery With Batman Showing Up Later . Oh ! And Then He Lets Me Drive His Plane ! !
MAILBAG TIME WITH GOD
God ! Someone sent YOU a letter for once ! Name's a " Charles 'Cheeks' Anderson " .
WHAT DOES IT SAY
" Dear God , where did I put my glasses ? "
OH THAT'S AN EASY ONE CHEEKS THEY'RE ON THE TOP OF THE REFRIGERATOR
MAN I WAS WORRIED IT WOULD BE A HARD QUESTION LIKE WHAT IF ALL THE TIME AND ENERGY PEOPLE PUT INTO HAVING AND THINKING ABOUT SEX WAS PUT INTO BETTERING THE PHYSICAL WORLD INSTEAD
HAH HAH
PHEW AM I RIGHT
. . .
What's up , T - Rex ?
It's weird isn't it ? If you even just THINK about sex for five minutes a day , that's over a full day each year LOST . Man ! Think of all the things we could do with an extra day each year ! !
I dunno . I'd probably spend it havin' sex .
UTAH - RAPTOR , NO
Besides , it's not like I stop whatever else I'm doing while I think up sex stuff - heck , I could be thinking of crazy sex stuff right now ! In fact , that sounds real nice ! !
UTAHRAPTOR
NOOOOOOOOO
In the 1900s , people thought we could build a computer to solve all our disagreements for us ! Just feed in the facts of the dispute , and a perfectly logical solution would come out the other end !
HAH HAH HAH
OH WOW
T - Rex it's gauche to laugh at the past ! ! They didn't know what we know !
Obviously they didn't , since none of them ever realized history's TECHNICALLY just the lengthy , character - heavy , digression - filled , and extremely complicated prequel to ME , the real star of the show ! And THIS star thinks history people are rubes !
Stop badmouthing history !
I'm not gonna ! !
This is what people in history are like : " Duh , should we invent antibiotics ? No let's wait 1000 years for that instead ! ! PS : WITCHES ARE REAL " . People from history are directly responsible for the current state of the world , and they've left US to run around and pick up the pieces of THEIR mess !
You realize future people are probably saying EXACTLY the same thing about us , right ?
" Oh boo hoo ! ! I live in the future and I'm mad about T - Rex from the past , better cry into my FLYING CAR THAT TALKS "
Before you say it YES I'M JEALOUS
WHY couldn't i be BORN after we SOLVED all the PROBLEMS ] ]
There is a person who has been with us for generations . Centuries ! MILLENNIA ! He has a name , but we always refer to him by his title instead . And it's a title that not everyone gets to have !
GUESS THE CHARACTER
You'll find him everywhere from 5th century Europe to modern - day London , and beyond ! His travels take him through space and time , though he does spend an AWFUL amount of time on Earth . And if he gets too old , or injured , or the person in the role doesn't want the job anymore , a regeneration process begins after which we all get to see a new version of this guy with a new body and altered personality ! One last hint : he's ALWAYS a man , and he travels in a UNIQUE VEHICLE .
Aha ! We're talking about Doctor Who !
No , I don't know that person . It's the Pope ! !
You've heard of him , right ? His regeneration process gets us a new Pope , and we're all , " ooh , what's THIS Pope like ? Maybe he'll be a ginger this time ! "
Again , that is a Doctor Who thi -
AGAIN I'M SORRY BUT I DON'T KNOW WHO THAT IS . Seriously . Have you not heard of the Pope ? ?
He usually travels with one or more companions who help him on his adventures !
STOP SAYING THE POPE IS FROM DOCTOR WHO
JUST
JUST STOP MAKING ME REALLY WANT TO READ ABOUT THE POPE SO I CAN UNCOVER MORE OF THESE INCREDIBLE PARALLELS
Okay I KINDA FIGURED this would be done by now , but apparently not ? Apparently y'all be slacking hard ? ?
I guess if you want something done , you have to describe in detail how to do it yourself ! !
Okay , first get a computer . Then , program that computer to take text as input and use semantic analysis to figure out the topic of that text . Then , use a synset database to find related words connected to that topic . Finally , replace any words in the text that have synonyms in your sysnset ! So a text about bikes would replace " 'I like bikes ! ' said Rob " with " 'I like bikes ! ' SPOKE Rob " .
Because bikes have spokes ! !
And if Rob is real tired , then the program will change " TIRED " to caps ! Because bikes have tires ! !
Aw man !
This is just software that adds crappy puns to everything !
YES . It is not brilliant ?
Hmm . What's brilliant is I could run it in reverse and REMOVE crappy puns from anything . Oh man , it could be an email plugin ! OR BETTER : a cochlear implant ! !
SOON :
Utahraptor , come over for lunch ! I think you'll find my soup is , shall we say . . . SOUPERB ? ?
Hey , I just heard you bragging that your soup is , shall we say . . . QUITE GOOD ? ?
Aw dang it
It's true
ryan i am ON THIS , by even reading these words i promise you i will make this happen ] ]
FACTS ABOUT HORSES
PRINT OUT THIS COMIC AND PUT IT IN YOUR WALLET !
THAT WAY YOU'LL ALWAYS HAVE ACCESS TO HORSE FACTS
WE DID GIRAFFE FACTS BEFORE SO PUT IT NEXT TO THAT ONE
YOU DO TOO HAVE ROOM IN YOUR WALLET FOR ALL THESE FACTS ; ANYWAY , DID YOU KNOW THAT ADULT HORSES SLEEP ABOUT THREE HOURS A DAY ?
THAT'S NOT THAT MUCH WHEN YOU THINK ABOUT IT
ALSO HORSES HAVE THE BIGGEST EYES OF ANY LAND MAMMAL !
THEY'RE PRETTY BIG
DUE TO THEIR EYE PLACEMENT HORSES CAN SEE ALMOST 360 DEGREES AT ONCE
THAT A LOT OF DEGREES , PROBABLY IT'S PRETTY HANDY
OKAY ! THAT'S IT FOR HORSE FACTS TODAY
IF YOU FOUND THIS WALLET , IMAGINE THE KIND OF PERSON WHO'D CARRY AROUND THIS COMIC IN IT . KINDA MAKES YOU WANT TO RETURN THEIR WALLET , HUH ? GIVE THEM A CALL , THEIR NUMBER IS _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ !
IF THERE'S NO NUMBER , DUDE , ENJOY THE FREE WALLET
any facts about horses included here would NOT be included in a printout , therefore if you clicked this link to learn even more about horses , sorry , today is a sad day for team you
did you know if you google " horse facts " you will find websites devoted entirely to facts about horses ? ? what kind of person would dream about , then build , then maintain such a site ? ? signed , the guy with the site about talking dinosaurs ] ]
Let's discuss your holes , T - Rex .

Okay , you know what ? YES . Let's discuss my holes ! My body has many holes , including my earholes , which allow soundwaves to be entered and processed . I've got noseholes for smell , a mouthhole for food , and let's not forget my cloaca , my super - hot shared reproductive , intestinal , and urinary opening ! !
ONE - STOP SHOPPING , BAYBEE .
Not to mention your pores !
Yes ! Lots of holes there !
Plus if you get to the subatomic level , my atoms are mostly empty space anyway , so really what are we but walking collections of holes at various convenient scales ?
I'm convenient holes all the way down , T - Rex .
YEP , THANKS .
EARLIER :
Let's discuss your holes , T - Rex .
AHHHHHH
ASK ME AGAIN IN A MONTH AND I'LL BE READY
Okay , cool
" excuse me , this food is mostly holes " is a cool thing you can say at a restaurant if you really trust me a lot as an authority on what cool is ] ]
Wish you could relive the past , but don't have the technology ? Here is how you create an instant
REAL - LIFE AFFORDABLE TIME MACHINE
One month , pick a song you like , and bonus points if you can tell it's the kind of song you'll get tired of later . Listen to the song , as often as you can ! Listen to it on your headphones , play it in your head while you're walking around - whatever !
Keep it a constant presence in your life .
Then , cut the song out cold turkey !
FORGET THE SONG . The song is dead to you now !
Wait a few years , then load up that old mp3 file and play it for INSTANT RECOLLECTION of who you were and what you felt during that month when this one song got associated with EVERYTHING YOU DID . It works every time !
I got this idea while watching my granddad cry while I played " The White Cliffs of Dover " !
The other ideas I got were " Wow it's horrible watching elderly people cry , should I stop the music now or what ? " and " God , why can't I pat people on the back and make it seem like a natural gesture ? ? "
So !
That's three ideas in total !
utahraptor and dromiceiomimus help out t - rex in explaining his idea and get NOTHING FOR IT , what a rip ] ]
T - REX YOUR ASSIGNMENT TODAY IS TO WRITE A POEM ABOUT SADNESS
No problem !
sadness
equals badness ! !
Kapow ! A perfect jewel of a poem that sums up my feelings about sadness : FRANKLY , I'm not for it .
Sorry haters , but I g otta [ sic ] be me ! I honestly don't care for sadness and would prefer , if given the option , to be not sad ! !
Dude , poetry should evoke an emotion . Yours is basically an equation !
HELLO ? ?
I LITERALLY WROTE THE WORD " SADNESS " . What could be more evocative of sadness than THE WORD WHICH MEANS THAT EXACT THING ?
I dunno ! An alleyway with a puppy shivering in a cardboard box , huddling closer to the unmoving bodies of her brothers and sisters ? ?
Awww ! ! Dang it dude , why would you make me feel these dumb feelings ? Now I gotta go home and silently peer through a rainy window while I work through this ! !
I HAD PLANS TODAY , FOR YOUR INFORMATION
pathetic fallacy more like pathetic . . . fall i see ( a good burn to use against the season of autumn ) ] ]
LET'S MAKE ANOTHER FOOD
Today we're going to make a vegetarian food !
Take some vegetables and put them in a bowl .
THAT'S SALAD , WE'RE DONE HERE
Come on man , vegetarian food is better than that !
Really ? Really .
Yes ! Did you know you can purchase " mock meat " , which is vegetables textured and flavoured like animal flesh ? I like an imitation beef , which is , of course , vegetables engineered to look and taste like the inside of a cow .
Are there also vegetables induced to remind one of the taste of cooked chicken body parts ?
YES !
Many such products even imitate the grain of a dead animal's flesh !
Okay . That's the most bad - ass thing I've ever heard of anyone doing with vegetables in LITERALLY FOREVER . But how'd the VEGETARIANS invent meat - flavoured veggies before we did ? That should've been our get !
My agents suggest it was practice for what the vegetarians are privately calling Phase Two : VEGETABLE - FLAVOURED MEAT .
Dear God ! OH , DEAR GOD , KALE - FLAVOURED BEEF
THAT'S HOW THEY'LL TURN US
ALSO FOR YOUR INFORMATION RYAN instead of just putting vegetables in a bowl , sometimes , you can use a plate ] ]
Hey Jude !
Your make is bad !
You should fix that
compiler error !
Remember
to let it search the root path !
Then you'll restart
and make it batter .
That's actually really solid advice !
I know , right ?
The Beatles spent SO MUCH TIME worried about who loves whom ( SPOILER : turns out she loves you , yeah yeah yeah ) but that helps nobody ! If they'd sung more songs about things that matter ( and YES compiler errors beat feelings here ) who knows where we'd be ?
We can only wonder !
ONE UNIVERSE OVER :
[ [ music notes ] ] I'll tell you something [ [ music notes ] ] I think you'll understand [ [ music notes ] ] When I say that something [ [ music notes ] ] I wanna hold CO2 gas emissions at their 1950s level which will lead to a better 2014 for us all [ [ music notes ] ]
Hah , imagine if instead the lyrics were " I wanna hold you hand " ? HILARIOUS
Great sage , I have travelled long to hear tell an answer to my question : does she love me ? She loves me . . . Yeah yeah yeah ? Okay cool , perfect ] ]
Worried about getting old ? Worried the best years of your life have passed you by ?
I mean honestly that's possible but on the other hand
IT'S NEVER TOO LATE
For example , you could become a piano prodigy at any point in your life ! You may ALREADY be born with the innate talent required , ready to spill out the moment you sit down and try to play . And you could do that whenever - even when living in an old folks home !
Great ! The world will applaud my skill , but bemoan the fact I wasted SO MUCH of my life not doing the one thing I was great at !
Yeah , this isn't making me feel any better , T - Rex !
Okay , yes ! I can see that !
Well REAL TALK : odds are you're not a piano prodigy . But buck up ! You could be a prodigy in one of the TRILLIONS of things you've never tried . Plus you don't have to discover that in an old folks home : you could die without EVER finding your special talent ! !
That only made it worse OH NO
OKAY : maybe you'll die un - prodigal because you actually WERE unexceptional at everything ! This way , you're still dead , but now there's no missed opportunity !
There ! That's objectively less sad , and you should feel objectively less sad !
you know , sometimes , it's actually REALLY NICE to be immortal ] ]
There are lots of animals that can spit venom !
I'm not one of them though .
. . . And maybe that should change ? ?
But ohhhh noooo , wait that's impossible right now ! We've got cosmetic surgery to adjust the sizes of noses , mammalian breasts , even foreheads , but have we put any research into augmenting our offensive capabilities ? Nope !
I GUESS WE FORGOT ALL ABOUT THAT ONCE WE STARTED WORKING ON MAKING OTHER PEOPLE'S BOOBS BIGGER ? ? ?
It does seem to be a curious oversight .
It doesn't make any sense !
We could live in a world where our dating profiles read " Hey baby , I produce my own venom and spit it out of my fingertips , which is possible because that's what we've turned the mighty weight of our civilization towards " but instead , NOBODY can say that .
This is the world we've left for our children .
LATER , A MOMENT OF PERFECT SELF - AWARENESS :
Woah ! !
" I guess we forgot all about that once we started making other people's boobs bigger " is actually the most true sentence I've ever said
THE FIRST THING PEOPLE USUALLY NOTICE ABOUT ME : my eyes . i like to keep the venom as a surprise ; ) ] ]
Hello and welcome to Star Trek TNG trivia !
What's the fifth word of the seventh sentence said in the fourth episode of the sixth season ?
Enter in that word to continue Star Trek TNG trivia .
. . . I don't know that word , T - Rex .
You have scored zero out of a possible 142 points ! Thank you for playing Star Trek trivia !
I'd like to restart !
Hello and welcome to Star Trek TNG trivia !
What's the fifth word of the seventh sentence said in the fourth episode of the sixth season ?
" I'm Captain Picard , and I prefer Firefly as it rules all schools , and also I can never take this back . "
" GASP "
OUR FRIENDSHIP IS DOWN TO ONE HP ! ! T - Rex needs food badly ! You should take him out to dinner to apologize , your treat ! !
Star Trek more like Star Dreck
ZERO POINT FIVE HP NOW REMAIN !
I'M NOT JOKING , DUDE
talk me back from the brink , utahraptor ! ! wait , no , better : feed me back from the brink , utahraptor ! ! ] ]
Oh wow , a movie . . . with a love story in it ? ? OH WOW , a song that's about . . . a relationship ! !
WHAT'S NEXT , A NOVEL ABOUT A ROMANCE , A " ROMANCE NOVEL " IF YOU WILL ? ?
I don't understand this world ; y'all are acting like LOVE AND / OR SEX is the most important thing when I know for a fact none of you will last FIVE MINUTES without oxygen . Yay , an opera about finding love in unexpected places , and how that love saved a dude's life . How fresh ! !
Where's the operas about finding oxygen in an unexpected place , and how that oxygen saved a dude's life ? ?
You'd have to be in space for that to work .
Yes ! Of course ! ! THAT'S A SUPER OBVIOUS UPSIDE !
A TV show where 25 men compete for one woman's love , or a TV show where 25 men compete for one woman's oxygen IN SPACE ? ? Please . Pass me the remote , we're watching that show forever now .
Okay
It doesn't exist though
LATER , PITCHING A TV SHOW :
I like it , but can you give the show a " forbidden oxygen " element ?
Oh , sir , BELIEVE ME , I can .
. . .
. . . I think about stuff like that all the time
you could also be underwater , or , in perhaps the best of both worlds , underwater in space ] ]
Okay , let me just check my mental list of inspirational quotes because I just glanced at a clock and I'm pretty sure it's
TIME TO GET INSPIRED
Alright , what do we got on tap . . . ah yes , here's a great inspirational quote ! " You miss 100 % of the shots you don't take ! "
On the other hand , you never lose 100 % of the games you don't play .
UM EXCUSE ME DROMICEIOMIMUS BUT IT'S INSPIRE O'CLOCK , NOT THE JUSTIFIED APATHY HOUR ? ?
Any way . " A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step ! "
All too true !
Long , difficult tasks can be easily avoided by simply not taking that initial and deceptively - simple step .
UTAHRAPTOR
WHAT IS IT WITH YOU GUYS AND METAPHORS
OKAY . " The pessimist sees difficulty in every opportunity . The optimist sees opportunity in every difficulty .
Neither is intrinsically good ! This therefore is a definition rather than a value judgement .
I QUIT ; EVERYTHING IS HARD FOREVER
ALRIGHT TIME TO START MY DAY ] ]
" It doesn't matter what others thing about you : it's what you think of yourself that counts ! "
That's right , babies ! I'm back , and now it's
TIME TO GET INSPIRED for real
To a large extent , T - Rex , it actually DOES matter what other people think about you . If 6 , 999 , 999 , 999 people on the planet think you'e a monster and you think you're great , who should we trust ? The single outlier , or the LITERAL vast majority of sentient life on this planet ? ?
Sorry dude ! I guess I just see a problem with any inspirational quote that could apply perfectly well to oh I don't know ADOLF HITLER ? ?
Whatever , Dromiceiomimus ! " I'd rather have a life of oh wells than what ifs " !
Totally works for Hitler , dude ! !
" We all die . The goal isn't to live forever , it's to create something that will . "
Hitler .
" I CAN is more important than IQ . "
Hitler !
" The people crazy enough to think they can change the world are the ones who do . "
HITLER APPLICABILITY LEVELS APPROACHING 100 % ! !
Alright , NEW RULE : adding " unless you're Hitler " to the end of every inspirational quote is now mandatory .
It's - IT'S OUR ONLY HOPE ? ?
Man , you know what's hard ? Creating work that will last ages , immortalizing you forevr in art ! You know what's easy though ?
KISSIN' ALL UP ON ARTISTS ! !
So rather than working my whole life to master just a single art , instead I'm gonna hang out at artist bars and be REAL FUN . You know , maybe pick up a few artists ? Maybe become their muse ? Maybe inspire them to new heights of artistic expression with my rockin' bob ? ?
Then they'll immortalize ME and I get to do the easy job : SMOOCHIN' BABES ! !
You want to be another Mona Lisa !
YES ! She has her own Wikipedia page , did you know that ?
All she did was sit in a chair 500 years ago and suddenly Wikipedia's all " AW HELL NAW , WE GOTS TO MAKE A PAGE ABOUT THIS ! ! " I can sit in a chair ! I can smile enigmatically ! Check it out !
Are you doing it now ?
I'M DOING IT NOW SO HARD ! !
Later , at an artist bar :
Laugh along with the common artist / Laugh along even though they're laughing at you / and the stupid things that you do / because you think that art is cool
Okay
I do though
As Gregor Samsa awoke one morning from uneasy dreams he found himself transformed in his bed into a monstrous , verminous meme .
Everything he said was in all - caps Impact font .
He could almost see his numerous image macros waving helplessly before his eyes !
" NOT SURE IF REAL LIFE " , he thought , then he imagined a picture of Fry from Futurama squinting a little , then he completed the thought with " OR A DREAM " . It was no dream . His room , a regular bedroom , only rather too small , lay quiet between the four familiar walls . He struggled to get out of bed . " AM I THE ONLY ONE AROUND HERE " he said , then pictured Lebowski with a gun , " WHO CAN'T GET OUT OF BED ? ? "
" TURNED INTO MEME " , he said , thinking of Bad Luck Brian , " AND ISN'T SUCCESS KID " .
Precisely !
His mother knocks to tell him he's late and he shouts " I DON'T ALWAYS MISS WORK / [ Dos Equis guy ] / BUT WHEN I DO , I HAVE A GOOD REASON " and it's close enough to how he normally talks that she doesn't suspect he's a meme now .
How tragic ! How monstrous ! I can't wait to read 200 more pages of this ! !
T - REX I LIKE THIS IDEA SO I WILL NOW SEND IT THROUGH TIME AND GIVE IT TO SOMEONE ELSE
The greatest compliment !
WHILE ALSO MAKING IT NON - TERRIBLE
. . . yeah . Yeah , that's fair actually .
WOW I MISS / [ picture of woman in furs ] / MY OLD BODY ] ]
What's this : the official beer of summer ? Oh wow I can't believe a beer company went through all the red tape to get recognized by the authority governing the beverage endorsements of the very seasons themselve - -
WAIT A MINUTE
Is this our next linguistic battlefield ? We're still LITERALLY licking our wounds after losing the battle on " literally " not meaning " figuratively " , and now " official " is being reduced to mean " in no official capacity at all " ?
THINGS WITHOUT GOVERNING AUTHORITIES CAN'T HAVE AN OFFICIAL ANYTHING .
Am I crazy ? Is that a crazy sentence to have to say ? ?
" The official party of March break " ? REALLY ? Really .
Sound like you're upset !
You should try relaxing with a margarita . It's the official drink of chill people !
CHILL PEOPLE ARE WAY TOO CHILL TO ORGANIZE ; OH MY GOD
HOWEVER , I WILL ACCEPT THAT MARGARITA NOW
SOON :
Dude , your margarita was officially too salty ! !
. . .
. . . Oh no , oh no , the madness is inside me
I meant to say " officially too salty for me " , and the " for me " was implied ! i'm still good at words ! i was speaking only for myself ! I WAS SPEAKING ONLY FOR MYSELF ! ! ] ]
I've heard of a cool new game ! It's dull and repetitive and uninteresting , and each game can take HOURS to get through !
I believe it' called . . . " DRIVING " ? ?
" Driving " is a cool game to play because it requires you focus on it LITERALLY EVERY SECOND YOU'RE PLAYING , and even though a tiny mistake can kill you instantly , the game is so incredibly boring that it can ACTUALLY LULL YOU INTO SLEEP .
Do I have time to correct my mistakes ?
Oh sure ! SOMETIMES ? ?
If I die in the game , do I die in real life ?
Hah ! YOU WISH . That's just the start !
If you're lucky , only you die in real life . But you can also kill your loved ones , complete strangers , rando dudes : the possibilities are endless !
I don't want to play your game . It sounds monstrous .
TOO LATE WE ALREADY DESIGNED MODERN CITIES AROUND IT
You know how in scifi stories they'll discover sinister time - travelling aliens have been manipulating Earth's events for centuries ?
Yeah ?
. . .
. . . I wonder if we'll ever know who we cheesed off in 1886 .
computers please drive me everywhere , i trust you more than i trust other humans ] ]
In olden times people would go out at night ! And they'd have a fun time with friends ! And they'd stay up really late and get real sleepy !
Historical dudes : they're just like us ! !
But instead of cars , they'd stumble onto their horses and fall asleep at the reins instead of the wheel , and then rather than crashing into a concrete wall and dying , they'd wake up safe and sound at their houses the next morning . Because the horse was alive and could make decisions and would be all " WTF , he fell asleep ? I'm going home . WTF . "
Well they'd wake up in a barn then .
Okay , true , but it's NEAR their house , right ?
Worst case : they wake up snuggled next to their horse by some idyllic forest stream , blinking as sunrise filters through the light morning fog and Grieg's Peer Gynt Suite # 1 , Op . 46 - 1 plays .
Is that the -
The " morning song " like from cartoons , yeah !
When I can wake up snuggled next to my car that loves me and eats carrots for treats , then finally we'll have recovered some of what we lost a hundred years ago . Also the cars should have cure names like " Abra CARdabra " !
Okay that's all I want from the future , well bye
Sherlock Holmes knocked on T - Rex's door . " I deduce that you are home , good buddy ! " the world's greatest detective except Batman said .
" Guilty as charged ! " T - Rex laughed , opening the door !
" I need your help with another of my mysterious cases , " Sherlock said . " Again ? " T - Rex sighed , smiling and motioning for Sherlock to come in . " Well , I guess nothing clears up a case so much as stating it to another person ! " T - Rex said . Sherlock sat down , pulling out a notebook labelled " ALL MY GREATEST LINES ARE STOLEN FROM T - REX " .
" Oooh , dude , I'm gonna steal that , " Sherlock said .
" Tell me about the case , " T - Rex said !
" Okay I will ! ! " shouted Sherlock , stripping naked .
What ? No he didn't ! Sherlock Holmes kept his clothes on .
No , he's naked now . He's asking for your help in " The Mystery of The Two Close Male Friends Who Got Naked With Each Other ; The Mystery Was How It Was SO FRIGGIN' HOT " .
* gasp *
LATER , AT THE PUBLISHING HOUSE :
I'm sorry , this reads like historical fiction that decided half - way through it was going to be erotica .
Yes ! Yes .
You say that like it's a bad thing ? ?
" I'd like you to meet my friend , " Sherlock Holmes announced . " He's another out - of - copyright character ! " Then he dramatically pulled back the stage curtain to reveal . . .
. . . POPEYE THE SAILOR MAN ? ?
" I yam what I yam ! " Popeye said , eating a bunch of spinach ( which was canned for some reason ? ) that made his muscles bigger ( for another reason ? ) . " And I yam still protected by copyright in the United States ! " Popeye said . " As you know , the copyright regime which governs work - for - hire stipulates - "
" The United States " ?
A fictional country ! ! Um , it's a little thing called " world - building " ?
It's what actual authors do , WHICH IS WHY I'M DOING IT ? ?
Ah .
So check out this rad backstory I invented : the " United States " has a super - long copyright period because a hundred years ago , my original character " Walter Disney " created his OWN character , one " Michael 'Mickey' Mouse " , which -
TOO LONG ; DON'T CARE ; JUST WANT TO HEAR ABOUT POPEYE PUNCHING SHERLOCK
Oh crap I almost forgot about that part ! ! After he stopped explaining about copyright , Popeye punched Sherlock Holmes ! " Elementar - - eeeee ! " yipped Sherlock as he was punched mid - word .
Yaaaaay
I knowwww
Robin Hod , Count Dracula , Frankenstein's Monster were all in a room . " I vant to remind everyone that ve are all out of copyright ! " said Dracula ! He used the Dracula voice . You know the one ?
I tried to imitate it .
" I agree . " said Frankenstein's Monster . " Also , my name is too long ! "
" From now on , everyone call me 'Katelyn' . "
Frankenstein's Monster is a a boy , dude .
Oh , really ? Someone's literally made out of random body parts , and they all just happen to be boy parts ? And even if they're not , whatever genitals Dr . Frankenstein happened to grab on the way out are the most important part of thon's identity ? ?
So your Frankenstein's monster is a woman .
YEP
Also , she's not a monster . She's alive , just like you or I !
Well , not JUST like you or I . She's reanimated dead tissue : MY origin involves my parents sexing , and then an egg came out of my mom , and THEN , I ate the inside of the egg , and then , I came out of the egg .
Then I feasted on the death of lesser lives to sustain my own , and decades later , here we are !
Hey , you ever think being alive is kinda gross and weird ?
Dude
ONLY ALL THE TIME
Katelyn realized she didn't have a last name . " Call me . . . Katelyn Musclescool . " she said . " I vant you to know that its very obvious you are only a few veeks old ! " said Dracula . ] ]
What is exorcism for ? Banishing demons back to hell , right ?
RIGHT .
But . . . what if you're already IN hell ?
HEAR ME OUT . I put to you that demons are clever , and would've LONG - AGO realized that they could possess and then exorcise EACH OTHER to productive ends . Hell is therefore full of demons saying " Can I possess you real quick so I can get someone to banish me to my mom's house ? I'm already super late for dinner ; DUDE I PROMISE I'll hit you back afterwards . "
They use it as a free point - to - point transporter !
Exactly !
" I banish you to Mike's mom's house at 34 Hell Road , Hellsville , " they say .
Hell Road , huh ?
YES . All roads there are called " Hell Road " . One thing's for sure : navigating there must be annoying as . . .
don't say it
. . .
* sigh *
. . . annoying as mastering a quite difficult challenge .
YAY , WE'RE STILL FRIENDS
Dang , there's something hasn't happened to me or anyone I know in way too long a time !
Something called A LITTLE WHITE LIE SPIRALS OUT OF CONTROL ? ?
AND SO :
Dromiceiomimus ! Did you know I , T - REX , just got a degree in , Advanced . . . Applied . . . uh , Racecar Driving ?
Perfect : my cousin needs someone to fill in for him at the racetrack ! That's his car . It's dinosaur - sized , but so far away that it COULD appear to be small if viewed from the correct angle with misleading depth cues .
Okay cool
AND SO :
You don't know racecar driving !
It's okay , I know how to do frauds ! !
AND SO :
The race is about to start ! Just admit you don't know racecar stuff !
Naw , I've got this . I'm pretty sure nothing bad ever happens to me . Funny stuff , sure , but it's not like I could literally kill myself and everyone around m - -
AND SO GOD REWINDS TIME TO THE SECOND PANEL OF THIS COMIC AND PUTS WORDS IN T - REX'S MOUTH :
Something called SITTING AT HOME QUIETLY
What the - ? ! I didn't want to say that ! !
But . . . it DOES sound rad
the name's driving . doctor advanced applied racecar driving , phd . sorry ladies , i was spoken for the exact second i reached marriageable age . ] ]
T - REX'S BELIEVE IT OR NOT PRESENTS : FACTS ABOUT SPRING
Spring shares its name with a strange coil of metal . . . and I DON'T KNOW WHY !
Despite happening once a year everywhere in the world , the verb " spring " does NOT mean " to melt snow and reveal someone's stale old dog poops " . Instead , it means " jump or leap " . . . something an abstract concept like a season LITERALLY CANNOT DO !
Spring is one of only TWO KNOWN SEASONS that starts with the letter " s " !
I can't believe it or not ! !
If you ever come across a hole in the ground that water comes out of , you can legally call that hole a " spring " and NO POLICE OFFICER IN ANY JURISDICTION THE WORLD OVER WILL BE ABLE TO STOP YOU !
Can I drink the " spring water " ?
Hey man it's your funeral
Once spring is over , you may say " spring has sprung " or " spring has sprang " , but you CANNOT say " spring really frigged me on this one " .
IT'S JUST TOO RUDE ! !
And if there are no objections , then I now pronounce you husband and - -
STOP THE WEDDING ! !
LATER :
Yep , as that little adventure just showed , " STOP THE WEDDING ! ! " is but one of the several phrases you can get in trouble for yelling at weddings . Others include " THE BRIDE'S BEEN CLONED ! ! " and " THE GROOM IS REALLY JUST THREE KIDS IN A TRENCHCOA - -
Wait . Wait . You yelled " stop the wedding " at some random wedding . . . just to prove it was a bad idea ? ?
Dude , that's kinda monstrous !
No it's not ! It's EDUCATION !
And I myself learned the wedding actually doesn't get stopped ! Instead you get kicked out by muscle dudes . What I should've shouted was " BRIEFLY DELAY THE WEDDING ! ! " and then said " Okay cool thanks " and ran away . In fact . . .
Don't do it ! !
LATER :
Man I gotta get , like , a hobby ? ?
HOW TO BE A MEDICAL DOCTOR
part six in our " you CAN TOO learn this from a webcomic " series
Medical science is the science of making bodies less terrible !
And people who practice medical science are called " medical doctors " . If you want to be a doctor you'll need to learn everything that can go wrong with a body !
* sigh *
So much can go wrong with a body
You've only got a few seconds left to cover all of the medical sciences !
I got this , I got this !
Okay so first off , each body should have at least one circulatory system , respiratory system , reproductive system , lym - -
We're out of time !
Frig it . CONGRATULATIONS , YOU'RE ALL DOCTORS ! !
This Comic Certifies _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ is a real doctor
Let it hereby be known that all actual medical degrees have a dinosaur on them , and if your doctor's doesn't then my question is , um , what the hell is their deal
this comic works especially well when framed beside other , more expensive medical degress ] ]
I know some opinions aren't " popular " , but that doesn't scare me , and I'm gonna say what I REALLY think :
I think all diseases should be cured !
I think we should get ON THAT already ! !
Maybe you should try cure them yourself ?
Man , I'm not good at that junk !
But you know what I am good at ? Motivation . In my house RIGHT NOW sits a $ 5 bill that I will mail to the FIRST PERSON who cures all diseases , no questions asked !
Well , maybe " whoah , frig , dude , how did you cure all diseases ? "
Okay , one question asked .

" Can the process be generalized to any new diseases ? "
18 questions asked .
" What monster would hold off curing all diseases until they were paid $ 5 ? "
Hmm ! That's pretty similar to question 7 , actually
HOW TO USE FACEBOOK
Facebook is a cool social network because your parents are on it !
So here's how to get started on Facebook !
First , make an account . If you don't use your real name then Facebook will kick you off the site . If you DO use your real name then Facebook will store all information you give it , even if you delete your account .
It's like sharing your most personal secrets with a friend who's always trying to figure out ways to make money off you !
Next , tell it who your friends are .
Facebook will start suggesting friends too !
" Maybe you wanna make friends with your racist aunt ? " it'll say . " No ? How about someone you kinda remember from high school who got pregnant ? Yes ? PERFECT . Have some photos of the child of this barely recalled stranger . "
Yaaaay
CONGRATULATIONS
YOU ARE NOW A FACEBOOK WIZARD
i wonder which members of my extended family are anti - vaccine ? oh , they're all talking about it on facebook ? THANKS AGAIN ] ]
HOW TO USE TWITTER
Twitter is a cool social network because complete strangers can message you at any time , and there's no way to turn that off ! !
So Here's how to get started on Twitter !
First You'll need to choose a name . All names on Twitter start with an " @ " , so a good name might be @ cooldude , except that's taken , as is @ coolguy , @ guywhoiscool , @ cooltwitterguy , and @ heyilike2becool .
Instead , fall back to your second choices , such as @ abirdpoopedonme , @ pooponmyhead , or @ ohitouchedapoop .
Now compress your greatest and most sublime ideas down to 140 characters !
It's easy !
Instead of " But , soft ! what light through yonder window breaks ? It is the east , and Juliet is the sun , " try " . @ juliet is hottttt ! ! seriously guys wtf " .
This leaves you more room for " hashtags " , like # babes , # hotbabes , and # sunmetaphors .
EACH OF US HAS ONLY A FINITE NUMBER OF DAYS IN OUR TOO BREIF LIVES ; NONE KNOW HOW MANY OR HOW FEW THEY HAVE LEFT BEFORE DEATH , AS IT MUST , COMES TO US ALL
BE SURE TO SPEND YOURS . . . ON twitter . com
friggin do it , you guys ^ tm
HOW TO USE TWITTER
Twitter is a cool social network because complete strangers can message you at any time , and there's no way to turn that off ! !
So Here's how to get started on Twitter !
First You'll need to choose a name . All names on Twitter start with an " @ " , so a good name might be @ cooldude , except that's taken , as is @ coolguy , @ guywhoiscool , @ cooltwitterguy , and @ heyilike2becool .
Instead , fall back to your second choices , such as @ abirdpoopedonme , @ pooponmyhead , or @ ohitouchedapoop .
Now compress your greatest and most sublime ideas down to 140 characters !
It's easy !
Instead of " But , soft ! what light through yonder window breaks ? It is the east , and Juliet is the sun , " try " . @ juliet is hottttt ! ! seriously guys wtf " .
This leaves you more room for " hashtags " , like # babes , # hotbabes , and # sunmetaphors .
EACH OF US HAS ONLY A FINITE NUMBER OF DAYS IN OUR TOO BREIF LIVES ; NONE KNOW HOW MANY OR HOW FEW THEY HAVE LEFT BEFORE DEATH , AS IT MUST , COMES TO US ALL
BE SURE TO SPEND YOURS . . . ON twitter . com
friggin do it , you guys ^ tm
HOW TO USE LINKEDIN
LinkedIn is a social network for if you think your job is the most important thing about you ! It's full of nerds bragging about what jobs they had ! !
So here's how you get started on LinkedIn !
Now , I've never used it because I'm not a turbonerd , but I'm pretty sure I know how it works . First , make an account . Then , upload YOUR ENTIRE ADDRESS BOOK : every email address you've ever seen . This is a responsible thing to give a random website .
LinkedIn will now contact them !
Someone would like to add me to their professional network on LinkedIn !
Holy crap dude ! !
I know ! HOW AMAZING IS THIS ? ? I definitely need to make a LinkedIn account right away to take advantage of this amazing opportunity ! And yet . . . WHAT IF I FORGET TO ? ?
Don't worry ! LinkedIn will keep emailing you over and over again for the rest of your natural life !
CONGRATULATIONS
YOU ARE AWFUL
HOW TO USE TUMBLR
Tumblr is a cool social network because it lets people " reblog " your " posts " while also allow them to " edit them so they can make you say whatever they want " !
So here's how you get started on Tumblr !
First , create an account . Tumblr will ask you to name your " blog " . Cool blogs have cool names like " Pics o' Dogs " , " OMG . . . Dog Pix ? ! " or " LOL , Just Dog Pix I Guess " . Dumb blogs have names like " Breaking World News Conveyed Entirely Through Reaction Gifs "
Wait actually that's a cool blog too , nevermind , SOMEONE PLEASE MAKE THAT
What else can you do on Tumblr ?
So much !
You can create photosets of your favourite TV show or movie , share text posts about your favourite TV show or movie , quote your -
Sure , great , but does Tumblr have images of attractive male celebrities in attractive male situations ?
Uh
Friiiiig meeeee .
Google is like a friend who remembers that one time
- THAT ONE TIME , IT ONLY HAPPENED ONCE -
When you asked him if he ever touched his own poops , JUST LIKE , AS A JOKE , and now he KEEPS BRINGING IT UP . And now whenever you go for a drive he makes sure to drive you past every poop billboard and nudge you in the ribs . And every single time you say " Have you ever - " he jumps up and interrupts you and shouts " TOUCHED YOUR OWN POOPS ? ? " .
Also : he took photos of your house and built a supercomputer just to read your emails .
Hah ! CLASSIC GOOGLE .
And if you try to use a nickname on YouTube he pulls you aside and says " Hey . HEY . Don't you want to use your real name instead ? " and when you say " No , that's crazy , never ask me that again , why would anyone want that " he says " Okay , I'll ask you again real soon . "
That's our Google !
Okay now that we're all internet experts , let's move on to ADVANCED INTERNET MOVES . This is LEVEL 9999 manoeuvres , people .
HOW TO CHAT UP THE HOTTIE BABES
Nope !
HOW TO TUNE TCP PARAMETERS ON HIGH - LATENCY NETWORKS
LET'S DO THIS ! !
So the default Linux network stack has TCP buffer sizes that are WAY too small . It's hilarious . I mean , they're a factor of your available memory ( OBVIOUSLY ) but generally you can bump those values up quite a bit from the defaults . You should be doing this right now , if you haven't already .
Huh .
I KNOW , right ? ?
Hey , T - Rex , can we talk about chatting up hottie babes instead ?
NO . Stack tuning parameters ONLY !
Okay - everyone who wants to hear about hottie babes , follow me ! But stay here if you super want to hear about computer junk that sucks .
Hey , you know what really sucks ? Um it's a little thing called A POORLY TUNED TCP / IP STACK ? ?
SOON , T - REX DECIDES TO CHAT UP BABES AFTER ALL :
That's cool , that's cool !
Listen , JUST SO YOU KNOW , I'm doing computer science in my head right now
Hey , remember when email used to be fun and getting a new email was a joy ?
HAH HAH HAH
NOPE
HOW TO STOP GETTING SO MANY EMAILS
Step 1 : Delete your email address .
Step 2 : Do not make a new email address .
Step 3 : Congratulations ! None can touch you now , for our final cage has crumbled . You have freed yourself our bondage and are - at last - truly free .
If someone wants to contact me they can get in line ! LITERALLY . Outside my house .
Ah . I see .
So you're reverting to 18th century communication media .
YES . You want my attention , send me a message by carrier pigeon . A bird struts up with a note on its leg , dude , I am gonna PAY some FRIGGIN' ATTENTION .
LATER , T - REX'S HOUSE IS SWARMED BY PIGEONS CARRYING SPAM MAIL :
Hah hah hah ! FOOLS ! !
DINNER IS ON ME , AND WE'RE HAVIN' BIRD
Once upon a time there was a grasshopper who spent all summer singing and an ant who spent the summer storing food for winter ! Then winter arrived and the grasshopper found herself starving .
THE FABLE OF THE ANT AND THE GRASSHOPPER
That's uh - that's actually the whole thing . Grasshopper starves and begs Ant for food , but he , through a mouthful of food , tells Grasshopper to dance her hunger away instead . Grasshopper starves to death , THE END , I HOPE YOU ENJOYED STORYTIME ? ?
Grasshopper didn't starve necessarily ! It's possible Ant gave her some food as payment because he found her dance amusing . LIKE IN CAPITALISM ? ?
Yeah , maybe G - Hops represents a career in the arts !
And Ant a career in financial services ?
YES . It shows us how those who are way loaded have a moral duty to support artists , because otherwise they'll die due to their life choices .
But Grasshopper's a singer ! Ant likes dancing , but she might not even know how to do that ! !
Well if she likes food she'd better learn fast !
THE END
P . S . : FABLES ARE TERRIBLE
Once upon a time a boy cried " wolf " a lot , even when there weren't wolves around ! His friends were all , " Frig man , if you play with fire you're gonna get burned ! "
( THIS IS A REFERENCE TO ANOTHER , UNRELATED FABLE . )
Anyway this kid had sheep and watched them all day , so he cried " wolf ! " to keep himself entertained . But one day a wolf DID come and it ate all his sheep ! He cried " wolf ! " but nobody came to help since , HISTORICAL MORAL TIME , " men bileve not lyghtly hym whiche is knowen for a lyer " .
Women either !
Right ! " Nyther men nor rockyn babes " .
This one wolf ate all his sheep ? ALL of them . Every single one . Every sheepen got eaten .
All gone !
What , did this boy have tiny bite - sized sheep ? Was he running a sheep farm for ants ? !
Yeah , he was . It's where the ant from the last fable got his food .
Oh . Okay .
Well nevermind then
The next day the wolf put on sheep's clothing and used it to eat everyone else's sheep too ! This vindicated the boy , but it was too late : he'd already died of plague .
Olden times , man .
NEVER LIVE THERE .
ALL OF WESTERN PHILOSOPHY SUMMARIZED IN TWO SENTENCES THEATRE
I THINK THEREFORE I AM
I know you are but what am I ?
THIS CONCLUDES ALL OF WESTERN PHILOSOPHY SUMMARIZED IN TWO SENTENCES THEATRE
THE END
JOKETIME THEATRE
Hey , where do they get spring water from ?
Uh , a watery hole ?
Probably they found this weird hole with water at the bottom , and now they're wrestling with the ethical issues of exploiting a shared common resource for personal profit .
Nope ! Spring water comes from winter ice !
T - Rex , that's a dad joke . Only dads say jokes like that ! He's opening up to you . You gotta play this right , homeslice !
. . .
. . . UM , CONGRATULATIONS ON THE BIRTH OF YOUR FIRST CHILD ? ?
History is pretty boring , right ? Sure . A bunch of stuff that happened to dead people who didn't even know what a computer was . Woo hoo .
But what if I told you -
. . . THREE CENTURIES OF HISTORY IS LIES ? ?
You wanna know more about history now , huh ? Yeah you do . " I sure hope the lie centuries aren't any of the good ones , " you're saying . I get it !
SO HERE'S THE IDEA : in the year 614 someone - or someONES - alter the calendar ahead by 297 years , skipping right to the year 911 . And records of this jump are lost , because it's the middle ages ! And that explains why not many things happened in this SUPER BORING time period !
What about Charlemagne ? What about stuff that took place in , I don't know , the year 800 ?
DIRTY LIES .
An attempt to alter our perception of world history ? An oversight by later historians who never realized these years were fake ? WE SIMPLY CAN'T SAY . Time herself has been changed for reasons unknown - perhaps , UNKNOWABLE .
This theory is called " phantom time " and I encourage you to research it !
SHORTLY :
Turns out there's no discrepancy between astronomical observations from before and after your " skip " , so phantom time didn't happen .
WOW , dude , I super need to start reading more than the first two sentence of Wikipedia articles
AN OVERVIEW OF EUROPEAN TAX REFORMS FROM THE EARLY TO MID - EARLY 1850s
oh god i ? m dying of boredom already oh god OH GOD
HOW TO HAVE A THREESOME WITH YOUR TWO HOTTEST FRIENDS
AWWW YESS
Alright ! HERE ? S HOW TO SEX UP YOUR HOTTEST FRIENDS ! What time is it ? ? THREESOME O ? CL ?
Sex can be a destabilizing aspect of any relationship . Introducing it to one in a situation like this , where jealousy between partners can SO easily be inflamed , can be dangerous . Be sure you ? re ready to maturely deal with any conse ?
IT ? S THREESOME O ? CLOCK
T - Rex , my friend , are you . . . READY FOR THREESOMES ?
I THINK SO , DUDE ! ! WHAT TIME IS IT ? ?
That ? s not important now . What IS important is that you ? ve had a frank discussion about health and safety with your partners , and made sure everyone knows what everyone else ? s limits are . What do they hope to take away from this experience ? How do they ?
DUDE IT ? S THREESOME O ? CLOCK
You know what they say : even a broken clock stuck at threesome o ? clock is right twice a day ! !
IMPORTANT INFORMATION REGARDING THE RECALL AFFECTING YOUR BODY
Hello ! You are reading this message because you have been a patron of our " Physical Body Made of Meat " product in the past several million years .
We regret to inform you that an issue has been discovered with your body .
Besides the known issues of Bug 24442 ( " aging " ) , Bug 59804 ( " body gets smelly if I use it " ) , and Bug 2 ( " poop comes out the butt ? ! " ) , a new vulnerability has been discovered with the " heart " hardware installed in your body . Known as " commotio cordis " , it's a 30 millisecond long window during each heartbeat wherein an impact to your chest could , um . . . stop your heart and kill you instantly .
WHOOPS
Is every single heartbeat vulnerable for instadeath ?
Yes .
I see . Can I return my body for a new one ?
No , this isn't that kind of recall . This is more the , " you should RECALL this crazy vulnerability whenever something comes close to your chest " sort of thing . Okay bye !
Enjoy your bod !
OH ! ONE MORE THING ABOUT BODIES :
Um , sorry we didn't build them better ? ?
THE END
Ever find your selfforced to mingle at a party of complete strangers ? Hah hah hah !
You're screwed up , buddy ! !
THE END
Hey , you're still here ?
I thought we might give some advice to help these people .
Oh sure ! MY ADVICE : turn around , leave , NEVER COME BACK . Go do fun stuff with friends you've already got ! ! Oh man , that sounds great !
So - - what , stick with the friends you already have forever ?
Yes ! Yes .
Eventually they'll start dying of old age , but you know what ? As long as you're not the VERY LAST ONE in your group of friends to die , you'll always have at least one rad friend . Hmm life long friendship or talking to strangers at a party on the regular ?
Hmmmm
Real hard choice here I gotta say
UPSIDE TO DEATH # 332 : YOU DON'T HAVE TO TALK TO STRANGERS ANYMORE
Hi ! I've decided maybe I should make some new friends after all . But I have a question !
How do you even make friends as an adult ? ?
It's like , there's this guy I've seen around and he's funny and great and we like the same stuff and I just know we could be great friends . But how do I engage this guy ? Do I just walk up to this nearly complete stranger and say " Hey , you don't know me but I've been thinking about you a lot and I really think we should , you know . . . BE TOGETHER ? "
" UM , AS PALS ? ? "
Don't dating sites have " just friends " options ?
Man I don't want rando friends ! I want HIM .
Well my usual advice would be " just be yourself and don't make things weird " , but since this is you . . . what if we bet whichever one of us makes friends with this guy LAST has to pay the winner $ 500 ? ?
Oh my god YOU'RE ON , BUDDY ! !
HEY WHAT'S UP I THINK WE SHOULD BE FRIENDS
Would you like to go on bike rides and get ice cream with this guy ? ? ps my name's T - REX and I AM REAL COOL
[ ] YES
[ ] NO
OKAY EMAIL ME BACK PLEASE ! ! ! ! ! !
Hi ! I've decided maybe I should make some new friends after all . But I have a question !
How do you even make friends as an adult ? ?
It's like , there's this guy I've seen around and he's funny and great and we like the same stuff and I just know we could be great friends . But how do I engage this guy ? Do I just walk up to this nearly complete stranger and say " Hey , you don't know me but I've been thinking about you a lot and I really think we should , you know . . . BE TOGETHER ? "
" UM , AS PALS ? ? "
Don't dating sites have " just friends " options ?
Man I don't want rando friends ! I want HIM .
Well my usual advice would be " just be yourself and don't make things weird " , but since this is you . . . what if we bet whichever one of us makes friends with this guy LAST has to pay the winner $ 500 ? ?
Oh my god YOU'RE ON , BUDDY ! !
HEY WHAT'S UP I THINK WE SHOULD BE FRIENDS
Would you like to go on bike rides and get ice cream with this guy ? ? ps my name's T - REX and I AM REAL COOL
[ ] YES
[ ] NO
OKAY EMAIL ME BACK PLEASE ! ! ! ! ! !
* gurgle *
woah dude , did you forget to keep your head screwed tight ?
* gurgle *
you cant even see us moron haha
ba - boom
daaaang , trex , I told you you'd lose that thing if you weren't diligent .
missed me idiot
* gurgle gurggle gruuuuuuu *
ugh , can we put some gauze and plug that up , im super yucked out listening to you .
OPERATION : MAKE FRIENDS WITH THAT GUY : DAY FOUR
No response to my email proposing paltimes has been received . I am therefore , and reluctantly , forced to employ escalation tactics . As of 0800 hours . . .
. . . I have sent a FACEBOOK FRIEND REQUEST .
Out of the blue ? Wow . Gutsy move , man .
Bold ? Yes . Daring ? Absolutely . Brave , even intrepid ? No doubt . For these are all qualities I possess - and qualities I'd be willing to share . . . WITH A FRIEND .
( That's what I wrote in my friend request , incidentally )
OPERATION : MAKE FRIENDS WITH THAT GUY : DAY FIFTEEN
This may be my last entry .
Oh no !
Morale low ; supplies dwindling . Reconnaissance indicates he's accepted other friend requests sent AFTER mine . Only move left seems to be cancelling friend request and resending it . A desperate move . Desperate times .
Dude , you wanna , like . . . get dinner or something ?
OPERATION : MAKE FRIENDS WITH THAT GUY : DAY THIRTY
WHAT THE HELL , now his Facebook shows him looking for jobs in ANOTHER COUNTRY ? ! This , my friends - THIS -
* sigh *
- this is why people decide to go live in the woods forever
Bro I tried to get with this woman but she totally put me in the friend zone ! !
OH MAN ! !
THE FRIEND ZONE SOUNDS LIKE A PLACE WITH LOTS OF HOT DOGS AND TRAMPOLINES
LET'S GO
I've got it , Dromiceiomimus ! I get the guy I want to hang out with to take me to the FRIEND ZONE , and we're SET .
So you want to hit on him , get shot down , and then characterize things in such a way that the blame's on HIM for not wanting to date you ? ?
Huh ? No . No , I want to , like . . .
. . . ride waterslides and drink pop with him ? ?
Seriously , where is the Friend Zone ? I'd like to go there RIGHT NOW please .
You've never been ?
Okay , obviously everyone ELSE has been having fun for years , doing activities with all the new pals they've been making thanks to the Friend Zone . Great ! I JUST WANT TO JOIN THE PARTY . I know I must sound like every guy ever when I say this , but seriously :
WHY IS THE FRIEND ZONE SO HARD TO GET INTO ? ?
I'm a nice guy ! ! I'm always there for people I like when they need me !
I DESERVE THIS
" Spring is Nice ! " - a poem by me , T - Rex .
* ahem *
Spring is nice !
In comparison to winter
The snow melts and the ground is spongy and wet and carries this terrible smell of rotting leaves and pickled dog poo
Which is nice
In comparison to winter
Rivers expand , basements flood
Which is nice
In comparison to winter
Trees spew pollen which irritates my eyes and interferes with my ability to breathe
Which is nice
In comparison to winter
The end .
PS : ATTENTION FUTURE SCHOLARS : THIS POEM IS NOT A METAPHOR , I LITERALLY HATE WINTER FOREVER NOW
OKAY BYE
I've flipped through a book and skimmed a website , so I'm basically an expert now ! And now I'm here to tell you
HOW TO BE A PICK UP ARTIST
First off , Dromiceiomimus , notice how I'm approaching you within three seconds of making eye contact . So sexy , right ? Now I'm playfully insulting you , STUPID , which shows I'm not intimidated and makes you want to impress me , perhaps through . . . SEXUAL INTIMACY ? ?
I've shown that you're dealing with an Alpha here , baby , and not some weak Beta !
Isn't beta software MORE advanced , stable , and feature - rich than alpha software ?
SILENCE
Dude , I'm serious . Alphas are like . . . broken . Nobody wants alphas . Or betas , really . They want normal software that's mature and stable and got past any " alpha " or " beta " crap years ago .
LISTEN , I DON'T THINK THE METAPHOR IS SUPPOSED TO INVOLVE COMPUTERS . I THINK IT INVOLVES , LIKE , DOGS ?
LATER :
YES
YES , I'M PRETTY SURE MY METAPHOR INVOLVES DISCREDITED RESEARCH ABOUT DOGS
T - Rex , you should watch this movie ! It's so bad it's good !
Wow !
I didn't know adjectives suffered from overflow errors ! !
We live in a world where it's possible for a thing to be SO MUCH that thing that it can flip over and become the opposite thing . Has anyone explored this property ? ? Perhaps as a power source ?
Could I find an item or items that are SO INCREDIBLY UNSEXY that they're . . . EROTIC ? ?
I mean , a lot of people are turned on by boring things ! Like FEET .
Explain !
They're literally just feet , right ? But some people are BIG INTO FEET .
That's true ! I myself HAVE sexed up people with feet , but their feet were incidental ! Like , if they took their feet off before sex I wouldn't be disappointed at all . This'd be me :
Oh wow ! Bodies can DO that ? ?
THIS
CHANGES
[ [ with redoubled emphasis ] ] EVERYTHING
T - Rex , you should watch this movie ! It's so bad it's good !
Wow !
I didn't know adjectives suffered from overflow errors ! !
We live in a world where it's possible for a thing to be SO MUCH that thing that it can flip over and become the opposite thing . Has anyone explored this property ? ? Perhaps as a power source ?
Could I find an item or items that are SO INCREDIBLY UNSEXY that they're . . . EROTIC ? ?
I mean , a lot of people are turned on by boring things ! Like FEET .
Explain !
They're literally just feet , right ? But some people are BIG INTO FEET .
That's true ! I myself HAVE sexed up people with feet , but their feet were incidental ! Like , if they took their feet off before sex I wouldn't be disappointed at all . This'd be me :
Oh wow ! Bodies can DO that ? ?
THIS
CHANGES
[ [ with redoubled emphasis ] ] EVERYTHING
EVER FORGOTTEN SOMEONE'S NAME ?
Yes !
EVER WISHED YOU'D REMEMBER WHERE YOU LEFT YOUR KEYS ?
Absolutely !
NOT ANYMORE !
Oh phew what a relief
WITH ONE MINOR SURGERY A MICROCHIP WILL BE INSTALLED IN YOUR BRAIN , AND FORGETTING WILL BECOME A DELIBERATE ACT .
So if I want to remember something I still have to make room by deleting some old memory , but at least I'll be able to choose which one ?
PRECISELY .
Mysterious commercial voice selling me something : I AM ALL FOR THIS .
T - Rex , remember remember the 5th of November !
Can do , friend !
Hmm , a bit tight on space here . Yo , should I delete / MEMORIES2000 / oldmemories / HiGhScHoOL / stuff / stuff222 / whatever . dat , or MEMORIES / unsorted / how _ to _ play _ power _ rangers _ theme _ on _ a _ touchtone _ phone . txt ? ?
Ooh . Save that last one for sure .
DONE .
LATER , T - REX REALIZES HE CAN'T REMEMBER THE SOUND OF HER VOICE :
Maaaaaan
TWENTIETH CENTURY AMERICAN HISTORY as reconstructed by the titles of its # 1 songs
1900s : consumer - level airship travel is finally made affordable .
1910s : the distance to Tipperary is approximated for the very first time !
1920s : Whoopee is synthesized in a lab for the first time ever ! But sadly , it's too late for the last Toot Toot Tootsie , which goes extinct . 1930s : a downside to staring at smoke is discovered .
1940s : America's seniors begin dabbling in the occult , creating unnatural birdlike creatures that speak in the voice of a corpse . 1950s : one " Irene " got real sleepy , fascinating the nation .
1960s : the intended purpose of boots is , at last , discovered by Americans .
FINALLY
1970s : martial arts become popular , which allows the majority of Americans to survive the decade . Songs are weaponized .
1980s : contaminated emotions are discovered in America . Scientists quickly respond , and seek funding to examine the precise nature of endearment .
1990s : effective cardiac tissue regeneration is now possible , allowing the organ to survive even host death . Also , an upper limit to sexiness is found . THE END .
American history : NOT SO BORING NOW , AM I RIGHT ? ?
Interested in sex , but like , from an academic perspective ? Like , you don't want to HAVE it , you just want to LEARN about it .
Hah hah hah ! Yeah right , bucko ! !
But sure . I'LL PLAY ALONG .
SEX ED in comic form
AS NATURE INTENDED
Okay , so check it : sex is what happens when two people -
- well , you know . . . not necessarily , T - Rex .
Oh . OH . Okay , yeah , sex happens when two OR MORE people . . . wait . I forgot I found out you don't even need another person to have sex ! !
I CRACKED THE CODE , you know ?
Okay , sex happens when one or more people do , um . . . sex ?
Defining sex is hard , huh ?
It is ! It's obviously not ALL peener - in - cloaca " let's hatch an egg " stuff . You can have sex even if you don't have peeners or cloacas , AND HOW , but with all the stuff folks DO when they have sex , it's kinda hard to define !
" Something you do that you find sexy " ?
DONE .
LATER :
Hey ladies , who has no thumbs and can't even come up with a working definition of sex ? THIS GUY .
. . . wait , that sounded like I'm bad at it ! ATTENTION LADIES ! !
Um , I feel like I could probably feel my way around WHATEVER you got goin' on
Hey God ! Here's something your precious " science " can't prove !
What .
What .
Since when is it my science
Prove to me that the world wasn't created 1 millisecond ago !
Well I mean the fact you're not 1 millisecond old is where I'd start with that one
Doesn't work ! You could've JUST NOW set up the universe and given everyone fake memories ! And like , MOMENTUM .
That seems like a lot of work just so I can have this conversation
This frankly two out of a possible five stars conversation
I'd be more concerned with the chance our universe is a lot OLDER than we think , not younger !
Explain !
You know how in games sometimes you'll save right before your guy dies , so you'll keep restoring over and over , hoping that this time you'll be able to save your dude ?
Holy crap . We could be reliving the same few moments over and over and have NO IDEA .
Even death would offer no escape .
Haha wow
Oh man it's like
Imagine caring that much about one single dude
People in history times sure were wrong about a lot of things ! They didn't even know what a germ is . Hah hah hah !
LOSERS
Luckily , WE modern people have a little thing called " SCIENCE " and so we know about stuff like washing our hands before sticking 'em in places and how a fire works . Maybe you history people should've invented some science , huh ? Maybe that would've helped you not die ALL THE TIME , huh ? ?
. . .
Don't worry Dromiceiomimus : they can't hear me .
Science is progressing all the time , right ? New theories replacing old ?
ABSOLUTELY .
But NOW's the age when we get it all right ? Ridic . There's gotta be junk WE think is accurate but future peeps will mock us for ! Put another way : OUR science says hoverboards are impossible . Would YOU rather be wrong with a hoverboard or right without one ?
OH MY GOD
I TAKE IT ALL BACK
HOVER BOARDS
The Reason Science Can't Stop Yet ?
Friggin' do it already ! !
Let's imagine I'm Batman ! I go out and fight crime every night . Then I go to bed and sleep all day !
But then people start wondering why Bruce Wayne seems to spend 24 hours a day in bed !
So I cut back on the crime fighting a little to maintain my Bruce persona . But every time I'm in those WayneCorp meetings it's because I traded away hours of crimefighting ! I need to sleep sometimes , and people may DIE tonight because I spent some of my waking hours in a board meeting . How can I ethically DO that ? How am I not a monster for doing that instead of saving lives every waking hour I can ? ?
Well , how ARE you not a monster ?
I'm not Batman , dude !
You could be : Batman's just training and determination . But you're imagining life as him rather than training to be him ! And I'M criticizing you instead of training too . We're ALL falling short of being Batman , every second , every day , and that costs lives . We're monsters . We all are . We're history's most average monsters .
LET'S HEAR IT FOR EVERYONE
IN ONE TIMELINE : BECAME BATMAN
IN MOST TIMELINES : INVENTED PUTTING CHIP DIP ON TOAST WHEN THE BUTTER RAN OUT
Let's imagine I'm Superman ! I go out and fight crime and rescue people from peril . Then I go back to the Daily Planet and work as a reporter !
But then people start wondering why Clark Kent barely shows up to work anymore !
So I cut back on the people saving a little to maintain my Clark persona . But every time I'm out reporting somewhere it's because I traded away hours of superheroing ! Someone's dying SOMEWHERE while I'm sitting there interviewing Lex - and since I'm Superman , I can sense their cries for help ! AND I IGNORE THEM . How can I ethically DO that ? How am I not a monster for pretending to be a reporter instead of saving lives every waking hour I can ? ?
Well , how ARE you not a monster ?
I'm not Superman , dude !
Oh , of course . You don't have the means to do what he does .
Exactly ! I'm a regular guy ; HE'S an interplanetary alien who thinks chatting up Lois is more important than a kid drowning in Chile . HEY KID LISTEN I KNOW YOU ARE DYING BUT LOIS LOOKS REAL HOT RIGHT NOW OKAY ? ?
P . S . I AM NOT FROM YOUR WORLD AND HAVE AN ALIEN CULTURE
P . P . S . SORRY NOT SORRY
The Malvaceae family contains several examples of the Useful or Tasty Plants , including cotton , cocoa , and okra . Nicely done , Malvacaea !
I'm glad someone in history times decided to try to eat and / or wear you !
One particular member of this family grows in wetlands , and ancient Egyptians would eat it as a tasty treat . Time went on and an extract from this plant was used as a flavourant , which was eventually mixed with sugars to make a sweet flavor slurry .
It's probably better than it sounds ?
I know , and it already sounds great ! !
In more recent times , the French whipped it into a meringue for a lighter treat !
Hah ! CLASSIC 19th century France .
The root extract was eventually replaced with cheaper alternatives , stabilizers and preservatives were added , and that's how we ended up with the modern candy which still bears the name of the wetland plant it originated from thousands of years ago : the marshmallow .
OH SNAP
THAT'S RIGHT , Y'ALL JUST LEARNED SOMETHING
EVERYONE TAKE THE REST OF THE DAY OFF ; YOU'RE ALREADY WAY BETTER PEOPLE THAN YOU WERE YESTERDAY
One day Peter Parker was bitten by a radioactive dog !
Science dictates this gave him the proportional speed and strength of a dog !
So , yeah , he started getting kinda strong . Not unrealistically strong , because the dog that bit him wasn't THAT tough , but he was at least , you know , above average . He was pretty strong .
Oh , I almost forgot ! He also got a great sense of smell , softer and more pettable body hair , and now regulated his internal temperature by panting ! !
And did his vision get worse ?
Oh , way worse , absolutely .
Then his brain started transforming into a dog brain , which was unable to sustain many of his higher functions , including those resposible for memory and language . Anyway , yeah , it was horrible .
Did his friends call him Peter BARKER ?
No , that would be monstrous .
THE END
Oh P . S . ! He was house trained in reverse but could no longer operate a toilet ? ?
Maaan , you what's sucky and dumb ? Our regular , unenhanced bodies . But you know what'd be awesome , though ?
CYBERNETICALLY ENHANCED BODIES .
All we need to do is figure out how to get living tissue to talk to cold heartly metal and we are SET . Giant metal arms , here I come !
Pfft , libs are entry - level stuff . What we need are implants that enhance our BRAINS : deeper , more complex thought on any issue ? That could change the WORLD , you . Get that installed in everyone and BAM , we are SET . The problem is brain implants are a tough sell !
I'm sure eventually we'd come up with something that rewired our brains without surgery !
YES .
And this tech would , say , let us conceive of more complicated ideas and concepts that we ever could've done before the upgrade ?
YES . Oh , god , yes . We'd PITY those who hadn't been upgraded yet !
Then good news , T - Rex ! You're already a cyborg : that tech's called LANGUAGE .
SURPRISE ! YOU'RE A CYBORG TOO , AND YOUR PARTENTS UPGRADED THE WETWARE OF YOUR BRAIN WHEN YOU WERE A BABY , WITHOUT YOUR EXPLICIT CONSENT !
" YOU'RE WELCOME "
DUE TO A HARDWARE CONFLICT , THIS SOFTWARE UPGRADE CAN ONLY BE INSTALLED DURING THE FIRST TWO THOUSAND DAYS AFTER YOUR FIRST BOOT . THIS IS A KNOWN ISSUE .
Oh , hi there !
You live in a society where someone could kill you for no reason .
Maybe you deserve better ? ?
MAYBE - just MAYBE - you deserve to live in a world where the thought of another person murdering you , or stealing your coolest stuff , or cheating you , or putting you in a hole and then filling the hole up with ants NEVER ENTERS YOUR MIND because it NEVER HAPPENS .
What's the solution , T - Rex ? A utopian society ?
Um , yes please ! !
Tons of different utopian societies have been tried before , and all have failed ! Including YOURS , T - Rex .
TRUE .
But you know what they all had in common ? We filled them with US . Maybe we should admit that even though we had millennia , we never quite nailed the " living in peace " thing and let someone else have a chance ! Like , oh I don't know . . . SUPERINTELLIGENT ROBOTS ? ?
Or , you know , mammals .
Hah ! The ones who have MILK that comes out of their CHEST , and then they DRINK it , and then they grow up milk - crazed so they suck it out of ANIMALS , and then they box up whatever they can't drink and sell it to other mammals at the grocery store ? ?
I'D LIKE TO SEE THAT
When I grow up I want to be an astronaut !
What ? ! That sounds like the voice of past me !
I'm gonna eat ice cream for every meal ! !
Wait , that IS the voice of past me ! !
I'm gonna party with my friends every night and never ever EVER go to bed early !
What fresh hell is this , Dromiceiomimus ? My past self is reminding me of all the compromises I made growing up !
I can hear it too , only it's MY voice ! AND I WENT TO BED AT 9 LAST NIGHT ! I WAS TIRED , AND I DIDN'T REMEMBER THAT I SHOULD FEEL BAD ABOUT THAT .
I'm gonna marry every pretty girl I meet !
Okay , that one was dumb .
You're telling me .
I'm gonna have fifteen dogs and then fifteen cats and SEVENTEEN babies !
Maybe we shouldn't feel bad about letting down our earlier iterations who wanted a pet lion " so we could hug " and who kept eating everyone's boogers " on accident " ? ?
Maybe , just MAYBE ? kids are dumb ?
I'm never gonna sit still ! When I grow up I'm gonna run EVERYWHERE I GO ! !
Aw , sweetie ! Sweetie , no .
Sitting still is like the # 1 Favourite Activity All - Time CHAMPION ? ?
When I grow up I want to be an astronaut !
What ? ! That sounds like the voice of past me !
I'm gonna eat ice cream for every meal ! !
Wait , that IS the voice of past me ! !
I'm gonna party with my friends every night and never ever EVER go to bed early !
What fresh hell is this , Dromiceiomimus ? My past self is reminding me of all the compromises I made growing up !
I can hear it too , only it's MY voice ! AND I WENT TO BED AT 9 LAST NIGHT ! I WAS TIRED , AND I DIDN'T REMEMBER THAT I SHOULD FEEL BAD ABOUT THAT .
I'm gonna marry every pretty girl I meet !
Okay , that one was dumb .
You're telling me .
I'm gonna have fifteen dogs and then fifteen cats and SEVENTEEN babies !
Maybe we shouldn't feel bad about letting down our earlier iterations who wanted a pet lion " so we could hug " and who kept eating everyone's boogers " on accident " ? ?
Maybe , just MAYBE ? kids are dumb ?
I'm never gonna sit still ! When I grow up I'm gonna run EVERYWHERE I GO ! !
Aw , sweetie ! Sweetie , no .
Sitting still is like the # 1 Favourite Activity All - Time CHAMPION ? ?
Once upon a time
IN SPACE
there was a little girl in a red HOODED SPACESUIT who was sent to go visit her GRANDROID , which is a GRANDMOTHER ANDROID . But oh no , what's this ?
A SPACEWOLF has disassembled her grandroid and was now wearing her SYNTHOSKIN as a disguise ? ?
Oh no ! What a sad story !
Wait , it's not done yet ! !
The girl detected the subterfuge because BAGGY SYNTHOSKIN isn't exactly the most convincing of disguises , and killed the beast with a SPACE LASER BLAST ( " SLASER BLAST " ) .
Wow ! !
SOON :
Hah hah hah !
Okay
IN THE FUTURE , travel will involve climbing inside MULTI - TON METAL ROBOTS , who will dutifully carry us to our destination ! !
But these robots will be cars instead of building - sized colossuses , due to economics being dumb ! !
EVEN SO , it's still going to be rad . And you know why , Dromiceiomimus ?
Because after over a century of phoning it in , the " auto - mobile " will finally live up to the promise of its name ? ?
YES . Also , we'll be able to play in traffic with IMPUNITY .
That's something we want to do ?
Um , ABSOLUTELY ?
Dude , when we can do that safely , it means cars are FINALLY no longer mindless machines ready and willing to kill anyone in their path " by accident " , but now COURTEOUS ROBOT PALS with 360 ? situational awareness and constant predictive processing . And that means street hockey is coming back , baby !
In other news : YES I want to live inside a robot car , and that is NORMAL
Antonio Tony woke up in a world without friction ! All around him things were sliding around like crazy !
" Life sure is funny sometimes , " Antonio muttered as he slid smoothly out of bed !
Antonio pushed himself off a wall and slid out the door . He kept sliding for a long time , and eventually bumped into a restaurant where he tried to eat some food , but it kept sliding around his plate . " It sucks here , " Antonio said to his waiter , but loud enough for everyone else to hear too . This made the rest of the patrons uncomfortable : up to now they'd been happily enjoying their meal without friction OR interruption !
Holy crap , this premise is rad ! SO MUCH WOULD CHANGE . But ? how did this happen ? Why is there no friction ?
Shh !
An older man , Howard , angrily tells Antonio to leave if he doesn't like it . Howard's lived alone since his wife passed , eating out every meal because he went from his mother's house straight to living with his wife and never learned how to cook for himself .
Why's there no friction though ?
HOLD ON
Howard and Margaret had married on a beautiful fall day fifty - three years ago . The very same day , Howard recalled ?
? when friction first left the planet ? ?
? when he first realized he couldn't live without this woman .
AW DAMN IT
COMPRESSED SONG COMICS
today's song
TORN by NATALIE IMBRUGLIA
Nat Imbruglia has witnessed a male corpse become reanimated . . . OR SO SHE CLAIMS ! !
Nat adores this Frankenstein - esque creation for several reasons , including the fact that he's warm , dignified , AND good at crying . Natalie goes on to tell anyone who will listen that they are NOT that man . She then runs out of faith , takes off all her clothes , and lies on the cold floor . It's embarrassing . She's embarrassed .
Natalie Imbruglia's going through a rough patch , huh ?
She sure is ! !
When we come around later to check on her , Nat ? still naked ? says the man's gone but that she's determined the nature of the perfect sky : torn . She insists she's not crazy OR sleepy . " I'm wide awake , " she says .
Are we on time for this revelation ?
No . We are , in fact , a little late .
After this Natalie becomes nonverbal , refusing to engage in conversation . And that's what's going on .
This concludes my report on Patient # 25534 .
THE END
HOW TO WRITE A SEX SCENE
Writers ! Are your characters super horny ? ?
Writers , did you imagine horned - up people " by accident " again ? ?
Well I don't judge , but you should hear it from a friend first : you're going to write a sex scene soon .
The ideal sex scene does two things : it lets your characters touch each other in places , AND it makes the reader want to put the book down , look out the window , and think " Huh . Maybe I should have some sex soon , too . "
How does one write a sex scene , T - Rex ?
EASY . Just fill in this template !
CHARACTER A touched CHARACTER B with his or her BODY PART . CHARACTER B quite liked it when SEX ACT happened . Before you knew it , PIECE OF FURNITURE / OFFICE EQUIPMENT was covered in LIQUID OR LIQUIDS TYPICALLY FOUND IN BODIES . Then they VERB together all over the REAL OR IMAGINED PASTA DISH .
" To summarize the sex we just had , " said CHARACTER B OR D , sighing happily , " I would say : LINE FROM ANY SPEECH BY WINSTON CHURCHILL . "
Okay ! Writing is over , you can all go home now !
Send me half your Pulitzer ! !
HOW TO WRITE A SCENE OF QUIET CONTEMPLATION
Writers ! Do your characters have a rich inner life that demands they introspect themselves with their full , undivided attention ?
Hah hah hah !
LOSERS
Seriously though , I'm sure your characters probably have other qualities that make 'em cool . Maybe when they're not quietly teasing apart their innermost motivations over a nice cup of tea , they're punching their way to success , right ?
It's never too late to have your characters punch a dude , writers .
NEVER FORGET THAT .
So help me write a scene of quiet introspection , T - Rex !
NO PROBLEM .
Just write : " You know how sometimes you can't fall asleep because you keep going over the events of the day in your head ? Isn't that the coolest ? ? Well , check THIS out : the imaginary person you're reading about is doing that now ! I KNOW : SO AWESOME . "
Perfect ! !
IN CONCLUSION , IF YOUR BOOKS SUCK NOW DON'T BLAME ME
MAN
I TRIED TO FIX 'EM FOR YOU
HOW TO WRITE A SCENE THAT TAKES PLACE IN THE DARK
Sometimes the lights go out in a story , and you may be confused as to what your characters are doing !
" What was that crash noise ? Is someone moving around ? ? " ? YOU
" Oh no , is my tall character's head impacting against a low - hanging beam ? Has my short character wandered into an open cupboard and is now stumbling , forever lost amongst the pots and pans ? ? " ? YOU , AGAIN
Do you ever wonder if we experience the world in fundamentally different ways ?
CONSTANTLY .
Anyway , the solution's real easy . When you introduce a character just say something like " Mary hadn't worked her ass off for twenty years to be Chili's ASSISTANT manager . She was shrewd , she was calculating , and right now , she was angry . Also , she had a flashlight on her at all times . "
Done !
THE END
IF ANYONE TELLS YOU WRITING IS HARD THAT'S JUST BECAUSE THEY WANT FEWER WRITERS TO COMPETE WITH
So it's midnight , and Cinderella's dress turns to rags and her coach turns into a pumpkin . Sure ! That's the story fed to us by the government , right ?
Just one question . If that's true . . .
. . . THEN HOW COULD CINDERELLA LEAVE A GLASS SLIPPER BEHIND * AFTER * MIDNIGHT ? ?
Wake up , sheeple ! What , was her shoe somehow " midnight - proof " ? ?
The report I read said the slippers alone were real : a gift from the fairy godmother !
Oh , so a MAGICAL FAIRY who can make ANYTHING SHE WANTS OUT OF GARBAGE has somehow manufactured actual slippers PRECISELY in Cindy's size : a woman with feet SO UNUSUAL that her footwear won't fit ANYONE ELSE ALIVE ? ?
And these custom - made , perfectly - fit slippers just happen to FALL OFF as she leaves ? ?
The prince put down . . . tar ?
" The prince put down tar . " Do you even hear yourself ? You've drunk the Kool - Aid , man ! What's more likely : that MAGIC SLIPPERS that HAPPENED to survive midnight just HAPPENED to be left behind , or that we're being FED A LINE by people manipulating events all along ?
Who ?
FOLLOW THE MAGIC . We don't even know FGM's real name , but we're supposed to swallow " and they all lived happily ever after " as the conclusion to the Commission Report ? ?
There's no happily ever after for the TRUTH , Utahraptor .
Today we settle the age - old question once and for all ! No longer will young and old alike go to bed in tears because they didn't know the answer to a simple question :
Who would win in a fight : SUPERMAN . . . or THE HULK ? ?
Superman may seem an obvious choice : his super - speed allows him to speak quickly , and his super - hearing will mean less valuable seconds lost to misunderstanding .
Sure , but Hulk IS fueled by rage , and that can be a powerful place to speak from . While less eloquent and logical than Supes , Hulk will still be able to make the strongest appeals there are to emotion .
True enough !
What if they , you know ?
. . . just punched each other ?
Utahraptor , PLEASE . Are our heroes MALADJUSTED CHILDREN ? Do these fully - grown adults resolve their conflicts by PUNCHING whoever they disagree with ? Come on . They're better than that . WE'RE better than that .
You're right ; I apologize .
THE END
PS : SUPERMAN WOULD OBVIOUSLY WIN
You've got this , T - Rex . You've got this . Let's just go over it one more time .
PLACES WHERE I AM PACKED AND STACKED : everywhere !
PLACES WHERE I AM ESPECIALLY STACKED AND PACKED : my back !
People who deserve thanks for that ?
My mom !
Correct ! THINGS YOU WOULD LIKE TO ORDER ? ?
Fries !
Oh ! And a shake - shake bootie .
If looks could kill you would be a . . .
Uzi or shotgun . Bang !
Not bad , buddy , not bad . But answer me this : WHAT DO YOU WANT TO KNOW ?
Two things . A ) What's up with that thang ? B ) Further , how does it hang ?
And before you ask , yes . Yes , I DO like 'em real wild AND / OR b - boy style .
SOON
Congratulations ! You've passed your Salt - n - Pepa test and have earned your degree in Applied Shoop . Can we email it to you , or is a physical degree necessary ?
Please .
It's VERY NECESSARY .
One time there was a machine that , given a sample of your blood , could tell you how you're going to . . .
. . . LIVE ? ?
Don't you mean " a machine that tells you how you are going to die ? "
Nope ! Machine of Death was my previous idea . This is the new one ! It's a super - fresh sequel with a bold new take on literature ! !
So what does it print out a " how you're going to live " predictions
" Well " ?
Some people get to live well , yeah ! THE LUCKY ONES .
And the others ?
Those people get " actually , not so great " and they sigh and go " well I coulda told you that " and then the story ends . Incidentally , Utahraptor , do you ever wonder if life gets like , one good idea , and after you've had that idea you're all used up ?
Constantly .
Oh . Good .
Welp , I'm going home to mark time until my body dies and takes my spirit with me !
LATER , HATERS
ADVANCED WRITING TIPS
TIP # 45
If you want to parenthetically notify your reader that something is amazing , put an exclamation point in brackets ! For example :
I just saw a nice horse ( ! ) , you guys !
JUST ONE PROBLEM : ( ! ) looks like a butt . It looks as much like a butt as : D looks like a face , which is to say : TOTALLY A LOT .
I don't have a solution for this , I just wanted to give fair warning : y'all be typing out butts .
It looks even more like a butt if you underline your exclamation point : ( _ ! _ )
I'LL be the judge of that !
Now just give me a moment to imagine ( _ ! _ ) and I'll be able to report of any ?
. . . OH MY GOSH . UTAHRAPTOR .
IN MY MIND'S EYE
I JUST SAW A BUTT
ADDING BUTTMOTICONS TO EVERY WORK OF EXISTING LITERATURE IS LEFT AS AN EXERCISE FOR THE READER
THIS CONCLUDES ADVANCED WRITING TIPS
THE END
FREE BUSINESS CARDS
print and save !
also , add in your own personal information
that part should be obvious
Your Name
I like dinosaurs !
but I work in JOB UNRELATED TO DINOSAURS , whatever
YOUR NAME'S BUSINESS CARD
a one - act play
Frig , I wish my computer could do a thing ! I wish I had someone to program a computer for me !
I will do that , but ONLY if you pay me .
Wow ! ! I want to pay you all the money .
P . S . YOU'RE THE YELLOW DINOSAUR , I'M THE T - REX .
YOUR NAME
" My Business Card Is Fun And Quirky , Just Like Me "
spork !
LOL ! ! !
Your Name .
I gave you this card because I thought you could do something for me . Just so we're absolutely clear : I hope to profit from this relationship .
CAPITALISM
ENEMY'S NAME
Heck , I'm way worse than YOUR NAME ! You should contact YOUR NAME instead and never contact me ever again . THANKS !
Also if you contact me I'll act confused , like I don't even know this card exists and was mailed out to every single person in my industry ? ?
Hah hah
TEN THINGS THAT CAN COME OUT OF YOUR HEAD
1 ) hair , if you're a mammal !
2 ) tears
3 ) snot
4 ) earwax
5 ) sweat
6 ) lymph
7 ) the most beautiful words you can imagine
8 ) pus
9 ) blood
10 ) vomit
GAMERS : are you the best at games ?
You probably think you're PRET - TY good at games , huh ?
Yeah you do . I bet you think you're # 1 at killing bad guys on a computer screen . Me ? I like harder challenges here in the real world ? or as I call it , " hardcore mode " ? where if you die in the game you die in REAL LIFE . Oh , but I'm sure that sort of thing wouldn't interest you . Too much of a challenge , right ?
Hey , how many imaginary aliens did you imaginarily shoot today ?
Shut up ! I'll kick your ass !
Oh yeah ? PROVE IT . Let's play Mop The Floors !
My best time ? 15 MINUTES . I " zerg rush " dirt and grime so fast that you'll never beat my time , N00B .
What ? Your usage of gaming language gives authenticity to your claims and speaks to me in terms I relate to ! ! I WILL DESTROY YOU BY MOPPING THE FLOORS REALLY WELL .
THIS CONCLUDES " COMICS FOR PARENTS TO GIVE TO TEENS " . PARENTS : BE SURE TO CUT OFF THIS LAST PANEL
SERIOUSLY . GET YOUR ACT TOGETHER , PARENTS
YOU REALLY SHOULDN'T EVEN NEED THIS COMIC . WHY AM I DOING YOUR PARENTING FOR YOU ? ?
I DON'T EVEN KNOW YOU
SIX DEGREES OF SEPARATION
Maybe everyone is connected to everyone else by no more than six other people blah blah blah small world after all blah blah social networks blah
ANYWAY !
That's all pretty cool I GUESS , but it's still not like I'm getting Christmas cards from Patty Stew and Jonno Frakes . But you know what IS great ? The name of the dude who came up with the idea !
Who ?
Oh , just a a person named . . . FRIGYES KARINTHY ? ?
No way . NO WAY .
Yes way !
FRIGYES FRIGGIN' KARINTHY . Only I don't know for sure if his middle name was 'Friggin' " .
Still !
Still , right ? I know ! ! We should change OUR names to " Frigyes " !
" Should we go chill with Frigyes and Frigyes ? " our friends will say . " OH WOW , IF ONLY THERE WERE A MINCED OATH AND AFFIRMATIVE PARTICLE THAT COULD ANSWER THIS QUESTION ? ? "
Man !
Literally nothing will ever go wrong for us again !
One day Earth is attacked by aliens !
That sound you're hearing is all future students saying " OH WOW HISTORY JUST GOT INTERESTING " !
The aliens attack and Earth's children defend her , which is to say : this is an all - out battle of DINOSAURS v . ALIENS . And the aliens are all these tiny grey hairless mammals with giant big - eyed heads , so , dude , it's a bloodbath .
We're eating them like CRAZY .
And we're chewing them up so well that there's nothing left that could ever fossilize ? ?
You know it ! !
The remaining aliens , terrified , retreat from Earth and never return . And then millions of years later , the new children of Earth wonder why they seem so alone in the universe : why nobody ever contacts them and why their every signal into space is ignored !
HMM YES I WONDER WHY ? ?
I call my story , " GUESS WE WERE JUST WAY TOO BADASS FOR THE UNIVERSE ? ? "
Subtitle : " HAHAH WOW "
Look around at today's kids . Thirty years from now , they're going to be nostalgic for TODAY !
SUCKERS
They're going to be all , " oh man , remember when [ WHATEVER THE LATEST IPHONE IS RIGHT NOW ] was the latest iPhone ? " and another will say " you bojo ! Remember [ WHATEVER SONG IS POPULAR NOW WITH TWEENS ] ? ? I loved that song which I heard before I developed adult critical faculties . "
Um , the same argument applies to the things WE still love !
No way ! Culture ruled when we were kids ! !
Maybe . Or MAYBE rather than being born the first generation of kids with innate refinement and taste , we just uncritically loved whatever was put in front of us and still love it today ? Hey . Remember He - Man ?
HE - MAN ? ! DUDE , I LOVED THAT SHOW WHICH I SAW BEFORE I DEVELOPED ADULT CRITICAL FACULTIES ! !
Dang it
Once upon a time there was a tiny ghost : he'd been a full - sized dude when he was alive but when he came back as a ghost , he got all tiny ! !
" The afterlife is not what I was hoping for , " Tiny Ghost sighed !
He tried haunting people but nobody noticed him . So he tried haunting ants , but ants couldn't really understand what they were seeing and either ignored him or tried to eat him . Tiny Ghost threw down his tiny hat and stomped on it .
" It's hard being a Tiny Ghost , " said a frustrated Tiny Ghost in his adorable squeaky voice !
Aww , Tiny Ghost ! !
I know ! I love him .
But then Tiny Ghost met another Tiny Ghost , and pretty soon they were producing all sorts of EXTRA - tiny ghost babies ! !
Wait . WAIT . Ghosts can have sex ?
Duh . You're constantly surrounded by AND UNWITTINGLY PARTICIPATING IN ghost orgies , dude !
Great - great - great - great - great - grandparents getting MAD frisky ! Not like there's anything else to do , right ? ?
And that's how come I don't run around with my mouth open anymore , THE END .
Many philosophers think it's impossible for us to truly understand what it's like to be someone else . How it feels in their skin !
To that I say : pfft , what kind of BORING LOSERBABY wants to be someone else ?
Being something else is where the REAL fun's at ! For example : A DOG . Have philosophers ever weighed in on whether it's possible for us to truly understand what it's like to be a dog ? No ? Forgot about that one , huh Socrates ? ?
Because I'm PRETTY SURE it's AMAZING .
An insanely great sense of smell ? Sign me up !
Plus , cuteness !
PLUS , I'll pick up everything with my mouth !
Plus , you'll be all hairy and like tummy rubs !
Plus , PLUS , I'll be able to pee around my house to let everyone know I live there !
But now it'll be socially acceptable and the police won't be able to stop me ! !
I just stepped on a rosebush and I'd like to know : who the hell is responsible for plants having thorns on 'em ? ?
EVOLUTION
FINE .
Which the hell evolutionary forces are responsible for plants having thorns on 'em ? ?
I think it's that animals eat the plants , so plants with thorns get eaten less !
ANIMALS . I knew it ! ! Animals are ALWAYS trying to play me as if my name was Sega !
Well , if you'll excuse me , I'M off to go eat parts of a cow and feel even MORE justified than normal , thanks ! !
Thorns are modified stems : roses technically have " prickles " , not thorns .
OKAY FINE WHATEVER
Also , the evolutionary forces that produced rose prickles include being able to attach to other vegetation easier which helps growth , and being able to trap wind - blown sand which protects a rose's roots . If you want to revenge yourself , dude , revenge yourself on sand .
WAY AHEAD OF YOU
EARLIER :
Hey ! HEY !
Quicksand more like quickBLAND
Ah , yes . Time for some delicious apple juice !
Or as I call it . . . WATER WITH ADDED IMPURITIES ? ?
Not even like , clean impurities . Impurities we got by letting some fruit rot on the ground until some seeds inside it started turning dirt into more fruit . If we're fancy , we spread another animal's poop on top of the seeds so we make our impure water faster .
Man , anything's gross if you describe it that way !
Nuh uh ! My bod , for example , is OBJECTIVELY RAD .
T - Rex , inside your " bod " is a tube of WARM POOP , just sitting there in your belly , carried around with you everywhere . And every day you try excreting it , but it's pointless because you can never get it all out , and more's growing inside you constantly .
OH GOD
Everyone you've ever loved is a walking talking combination poop factory / poop storage facility , and when you hug them , you're pressing your poop - filled belly up against their poop - filled belly and applying pressure .
OH
MY GOD
Want to learn accounting but can only make yourself care about cute little puppy dogs ? Then welcome to
BEST ACCOUNTING PRINCIPLES , BUT WITH DOG ANALOGIES
Let's say I loan you a puppy , and we agree that for every month you have my puppy , you owe me 15 % more puppy . This is called " interest " ! And if it's " compounded " every month , after one month you'll owe me 15 % extra , but after TWO months you'll owe me 32 % more puppy , since that 15 % puppy interest is being applied on the original puppy plus the extra puppy percentage you already owe me !
Who wants 15 % of a puppy ?
ME
It's why I loaned out my initial puppy in the first place . This puppy is called " Principal " , by the way . Her name is Principal Puppy and she has spots on her belly . And YES , she's also the principal of of Puppydog High because OBVIOUSLY THAT WOULD HAPPEN . She's a good girl , yes she is ! !
LATER :
I love her
WHICH DINOSAUR SPECIES IS THE BEST DINOSAUR ?
Um that's SUPER RACIST ! !
WOW
Okay , but the answer is CLEARLY the dromiceiomimuses ! Did you know that thanks to our long and shapely legs , we are QUITE POSSIBLY the fastest dinosaurs EVER IN TIME ?
Dromiceiomimus , I don't see species : I just see PEOPLE .
Hey , do you see these rad legs ? ? Because you're not going to see them soon , once I race you and win because I'm real good at races .
Thanks to LEGS .
Yeah , speed's fine if you want to be closer to things quickly , I GUESS .
But ?
But I'm just sayin' : utahraptoids have the # 1 highest brain to body mass ration . Yeah , we're BASICALLY just these colossal brains walking around on KILLER CLAW FEET . No big deal , T - Rex .
I've got claws on my feet too !
I know ! Oh my god , they're ADORABLE .
It's like your whole species wished when they were babies that they'd never grow up , but something went wrong and the wish only got applied to your feet claws and to your tiny baby arms .
* gasp *
DUDE
THAT'S LEGIT SUPER RACIST
Plants : So Boring . An Opinion by me , T - Rex .
Plants are the plant equivalent of a boring snail that died , THE END .
Dude , trees are metal as friggin' giant robots MADE OF LITERAL METAL . You know plants didn't evolve photosynthesis , right ? They stole it via BODY MODIFICATION . Microscopic blue - green algae evolved the trait , so plant life just straight - up ENGULFED them . Sucked up the algae into their own cells , absorbed their abilities , and BOOM : photosynthesis plants . The chloroplast in plant cells today is a deformed , degraded remnant of that bacteria .
That's KINDA metal , I guess .
" Kinda " ? ?
Dude , the solar energy captured by plants ? Over 130 TERAWATTS . That's six times larger than the power consumed by OUR ENTIRE CIVILIZATION .
I mean , I GUESS that's kinda metal , but I dunno . Could this be put into a more relatable analogy somehow ? ?
Plants capture enough energy EVERY SECOND to fuel over ONE HUNDRED THOUSAND 1 . 21 GIGAWATTS TRIPS THROUGH TIME HERSELF .
AHHHHH
PLANTS ARE METAL AS FRIIIIIG ! !
My phone died , so I got a new phone !
HAH HAH HAH !
BUT THAT NIGHT :
rrrring rrrrrring
WHAAAAAAAT
THE NEXT MORNING :
Dromiceiomimus , I know this will sound EVEN CRAZIER THAN USUAL , but my phone died yesterday and last night I could hear its old ringtone going off at midnight . I think . . . I'm being haunted ? By the ghosts of my dead electronics ? ?
Life sure is spooky sometimes !
I KNOW , RIGHT ? ?
I had a similar thing happen , but with my dead toaster !
Oh no !
Yeah and now it appears at midnight , but all it does is make ghost toast that disappears when the sun comes up . I'll tell you one thing : it's not bad . I use it as a dietary aid . Barely use my new toaster anymore , honestly .
Yeah , those calories stick around . Ghoster toaster all the way , man .
THAT NIGHT :
bzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
Oh wow , the ghost of my noisy CPU fan that died fifteen years ago !
The afterlife sure is awesome and definitely not full of garbage at all ! !
Today is the day I bought Dromiceiomimus some pants !
Yes ! I am the thoughtful friend who buys presents for no reason !
No reason , that is , except for the fact that I super value our friendship , Dromiceiomimus !
Thanks T - Rex ! Um , how'd you know my size ?
I just asked them for a size awesome ! !
. . . And then clarified down to a size medium
And my size ?
A size amazing ! !
Which , it turns out , is a large . Dude , do you ever get sad this timeline doesn't actually have things like " size awesome " or " rad sized " or - - WAIT ! McDonald's !
I can get my meat sandwich meal . . . SUPER SIZED ! !
SOON :
Alternate timelines who HAVE super sizes are laughing at us right now . You realize that , right ? ?
GUESS THE COUNTRY VIA THE SUMMARY OF THEIR NATIONAL ANTHEM
This country is great ! It's far AND wide .
ANSWER : CANADA !
This country is great ! Also , they have a spangled banner . " To spangle " is a verb meaning " to decorate something with spangles . "
What's a spangle ?
It's like a - sequin ? Something shiny . " Spangle me a muffin , Dromiceiomimus ! " , they say !
ANSWER : THE UNITED STATES !
This country is great ! Also , holy crap , they want to murder EVERYONE .
THEY WANT US ALL DEAD .
This unstoppable warrior race says they'll use our impure blood to water their crops , and if we kill them , more warriors will arise OUT OF THE VERY GROUND ITSELF .
THEY HAVE A SPECIAL VERSE FOR KIDS TO SING ABOUT HOW THEY WANT TO DIE IN BATTLE AND SHARE THEIR PARENT'S COFFINS .
ANSWER : KLINGON EMPIRE !
OH WAIT , SORRY , NO , THAT WAS LA MARSEILLASE . IT'S FRANCE .
What the HELL , France ? ! WHAT THE ACTUAL HELL .
You didn't even mention your delicious pastries ! !
Let's lowball it and say only 50 million sperm are released each ejaculation . The sperm that turned into awesome ol' me had to get there first !
So I've got a 1 in a 50 million chance of being here !
Only , that's not the case , because sperm onli live about 5 days so they're dying and getting replaced all the time . If my dad has sex once a week on average across a good 50 years of sex - havin' , that's 1 / 2608 chance of a 1 / 50 million chance of me showing up , or a one in a 130 BILLION chance !
And that's assuming there's only one woman who is fertile the entire time , which is MADNESS !
Not to mention that these same odds apply to every one of your parents and grand - parents too !
DANG .
Dude , the fact that I'm here at all has to be among THE MOST IMPROBABLE THINGS IN THE UNIVERSE .
The BOTH of us being here to talk about it is even more improbable . Anything anyone ever does , no matter how predictable , is among the least likely things to have ever happened ! !
LATER , A FRIEND OF T - REX TRIES TO TURN OFF A LIGHT , BUT THE SWITCH STICKS HALF - WAY BETWEEN ON AND OFF :
Whoah , what are the odds ? ?
Let's find out !
First off : how much do you know about sperm ? ?
My hardcore vegetarian friend has decided to start eating meat for six months ! !
It's because of her low iron levels , but that's not important right now .
She hasn't had meat her entire adult life and now she doesn't know how to cook it or what to buy or what's good or anything ! She's a babe in the FLESHY WOODS , and wants someone to guide through the WONDERFUL WORLD OF MEAT .
Oh my god . It's the job you were born to do .
I KNOW ; I'M SO EXCITED ! !
So where are you gonna start ?
I can't decide !
Do we stick with bland dishes , like tofu - style boiled chicken breast ? Do we dive into the deep end of the meat pool and serve up a charcuterie platter of brains and organmeats ? ? DO I DARE SHARE THE SUBLIME BRILLIANCE OF BONE MARROW , KNOWING IT WILL FOREVER CHANGE HER LIFE ? ?

Folks today don't get moved by inspirational quotes because they're too busy being INCREDIBLY BORED . " Be the change you want to see in the what now ? Sorry , I was checking my phone . DUE TO BOREDOM . "
We need to sex up our sayings to truly inspire a new generation ! !
I have considered this matter closely and as such I propose all sayings now include references to , oh Idon't know , JERKIN' IT ? ? What's that , Dromiceiomimus ? AS SOON AS I SAID " JERKIN' IT " I HAD YOUR UNDIVIDED ATTENTION ? ?
You absolutely did ! I say , are people jerkin' it somewhere ?
Jerk it to the change you want to see in the world , Dromiceiomimus ! !
Waaay ahead of you
The man who does not jerk it has no advantage over the man who cannot jerk it !
So true ! !
Don't cry because it's over , Utahraptor , jerk it because it happened !
Haha yeah taht is a pretty fun alternative to crying ! ! After all , that which does not kill us only makes us jerk it stronger ! !
I'VE NEVER BEEN MORE INSPIRED
We are all jerkin' it in the gutters , but some of us are looking at the stars
GUESS THE NATIONAL ANIMAL OF THE COUNTRY , GIVEN A DESCRIPTION OF THE ANIMAL
This national animal of Canada eats hay , has four legs , and is very majestic !
ANSWER : The Canadian horse !
Next up : this national animal eats hay , has four legs , and symbolizes freedom and adventure !
Um . . . the Mongolian horse ?
Correct ! However , in contrast , THIS national animal of Saudi Arabia eats hay , has four legs , and is good at running !
ANSWER : The Arabian horse ?
CORRECT .
So I notice you're just doing the horse countries .
Okay OBVIOUSLY that's a thing that would happen . And I would select the dinosaur countries , but NO COUNTRY HAS A DINOSAUR AS THEIR NATIONAL ANIMAL .
That , my friend , is the # 1 FIRST THING I'm going to change when I get elected as ruler of the world . Well ! That , and the political system that would entrust the fate of an entire planet with one dude , no matter HOW into horses he is .
AND IT'S A * LOT *
T - REX WHAT WOULD YOU DO IF YOU DIDN'T NEED MONEY
Wait . I need money ?
WAIT .
I NEED MONEY ? !
Dromiceiomimus , do you need your lawn mowed ? Fingernails trimmed ? Trends forecasted ? ANIMALS INSEMINATED ? ?
Nope ! I got all those covered , baby . THIS lady has got a friggin' ECLECTIC SKILLSET .
Utahraptor , I need a job ! !
I've got just the thing !
I need my septic tank cleaned and I want it done ARTISANALLY : by hand , using a little toothbrush .
Okay ! Is it okay that I'm not certain what a septic tank is ?
Oh , absolutely . It's actually almost necessary .
LATER :
T - REX I MEANT MY QUESTION IN THE HEY WHAT WOULD YOUR DREAM ACTIVITY BE SENSE
Oh ! Hah ! MY MISTAKE .
Okay ! Well , I think my answer HAS to be . . . " wow , whatever the opposite is of what I did this morning " ? ?
ASK PROFESSOR SCIENCE
Our first letter comes from Joe ! Joe writes , " Dear Professor , how are time and space related ? "
By marriage !
HAH HAH HAH
Our next letter comes from Kat ! Kat writes , " Dear Professor , how is energy released from the atoms in a nuclear bomb ? "
Kat : quite quickly !
HAH HAH HAH
Hey , stop opening other people's mail , T - Rex !
There's no time for that now ! MARY JUST SENT IN A LETTER !
She asks , " Dear Professor , why aren't our brain cells distributed throughout our bodies , making us more resistant to injury and allowing us to survive even if our heads are removed ? ? "
. . .
. . .
Aw man , what the hell ?
MY BODY
SUCKS
FOREVER NOW
" Watson , I've deduced the answer ! This is a TIME machine ! ! " Sherlock Holmes said quickly . Watson looked up from his notebook . " Talk slower , " he said . " I'm writing down your adventures and you're going too fast . "
Sherlock Holmes strapped himself in for a journey . . . THROUGH TIME ! !
" Also , " Watson said , strapping himself in besides his friend and partner , " you run around too quickly . I'm writing down your actions as well and that takes time , okay ? " He snapped his seatbelt into place , sighing . " Did you know , " Watson said , " that I have had to replace entire speeches of yours with 'Elementary ! ' because I couldn't write down what you said fast enough ? I'm not joking . Slow down , man . "
The time machine cast a strange temporal light on Sherlock's features !
Watson's attention was directed to his notebook .
" Strange . . . temporal . . . light . . . " he said , whispering the words as he wrote them down . When he looked up , Sherlock had already bounded out of the time machine and was lost somewhere in the year 2969 .
Watson , exasperated , flipped a few levers and returned home .
" Sherlock got pushed off a waterfall by Moriarty , " he wrote . " Oh well . P . S . : I shall ever regard as the best and the wisest man whom I have ever know . P . P . S : I definitely did NOT leave him to die in the year 2969 . THE END . "
ULTRA - CANON
Angola Maldives , my cool spy character , was once again dangling over a shark tank ! But it wasn't just sharks down there , he realized : there was also the infrastructure required to keep sharks alive in captivity !
Including thousands of kilograms of precisely - salinated filtered water !
Further , Maldives considered , a protein skimmer must be included , used to remove food and waste particles from the tank . Plus live rocks , which , despite their name , aren't actually alive ! Rather , they're dead coral covered in microscopic marine organisms , which helps clean , filter , and nitrify the water .
This sounds expensive .
Oh , we're just getting started !
Heating and cooling systems !
Pumps , powerheads , lights , and filters !
Not to mention water monitoring and cycling and mixing equipment , PLUS backup generators for all of the above . And when salt water evaporates the salt's left behind , which in a tank can increase salinity to toxic levels ! So add on a fresh - water auto top - off system to keep the water level , well , level .
Angola sighed as the rope lowered him closer and closer to the sharks . " Many sharks prefer to have some place to hide in their tanks , and this tank is bare . Those poor sharks must be stressed , and agitated . "
THE END
TIP : To see results from only a particular daterange , use " daterange : 20010101 - 20051231 " . Past events cannot be changed by you .
You will not learn if they're being changed by others .
GOOGLE CHEAT SHEET
TIP : Searching for " how do I die " may return results that appear to rapidly change under your gaze . Remember : knowledge of the future changes the future , destroying itself .
Keep staring until realities collapse into a single and now unavoidable fate .
TIP : To see what dead relatives are seeing right now , turn on " incognito mode " .
IT MUST NOT BE TURNED OFF .
TIP : To find results from other timelines , use " reality : onewheresheneverleft " . You may encounter results where phrases like " cold " , " can't breathe " , or " I'm hungry I'M HUNGRY " are repeated madly , desperately .
This is a side - effect of our proprietary search process and should be ignored .
TIP : " Safesearch " may appear to be on . YOU ARE NOT SAFE . YOU WILL NEVER BE SAFE .
DO NOT BE FOOLED
Now I'm not saying she's a gold digger /
I'M NOT SAYING SHE'S A GOLD DIGGER
Now I'm not saying she's a gold digger /
Now I'm not saying she's a gold digger /
Now I'm not saying she's a gold digger /
Now I'm not saying she's a gold digger either /
{ { so uh , is she a gold digger or what } }
{ { now i'm not saying she's a gold digger / because i don't know who we're talking about / come on let me know i promise i won't tell anyone } }
Your head is water resistant , but not water proof . Do not submerge your head underwater for extended periods of time unless you have purchased the " SCUBAPak " accessory kit .
YOUR BODY the missing manual
Your body features several single points of failure . To prevent death ( which can reduce the value of your body considerably ) you will need to purchase replacements if any of these BodyPartz become too damaged : brain , heart , lungs , liver , any major artery , etc .
Note : replacements may not be available in all areas .
Good news : the complete SkinFlesh protective coating package is now standard on all models !
What value !
Recent court settlements require us to inform you of a BodyPartz design flaw : a missing OralCavity surface shedding system has left TeethBits vulnerable to colonization by acid - secreting bacteria that destroy TeethBits over time .
We assure you TeethBits are OPTIONAL BodyPartz and are unlikely to affect other systems .
If you have been affected by this issue , a BodyPartz professional can physically scrape bacteria off your TeethBits with a metal spike . There is a small charge for this service .
And hey , don't forget !
" Enjoy your BodyPartz ! "
Time to learn about filmmaking , babies ! And that means learning about shots ! !
This is a " medium shot " . It's medium good !
And this is a close up !
GREETINGS , ladies ! !
This is a long shot , where you can see me from head to foot . It's a good shot if you're wondering which and how many pants a character is wearing . I , for example , am wearing zero pants .
T - Rex what are the odds of you , you know , actually wearing pants ?
Now that's what I call a REAL long shot !
Hah hah hah
This is a long shot too ! We're already repeating ourselves !
Unfortunately , yes !
Sadly , film isn't as advanced an art form as comics . We've covered all its possibilities already , and all shots are long , medium , or close ups .
Hey , what about those shots where a cartoon plane moves across a map ?
A long shot of a map with a cartoon plane on top : a TRIVIAL VARIATION .
Though you raise a good point ! Remember : cartoon planes can be added to ANY shot in film . In the vast majority of cases this only increases audience engagement . THE END .
. . . Now go out and make movies , because I REALLY want to watch them now ! !
Nature is full of cute animals , but most cute animals don't like to be hugged !
THE TRAGEDY OF NATURE
Chipmunks look adorable , but those little dudes run away when I try to touch them ! And koala bears look like they're so down to hug , but if you hug one they get scared and pee on you ! I'VE LIVED IT .
Why did nature evolve to be SO CUTE and yet SO UNTOUCHABLE ? Where are the cute wild animals that LIKE to be hugged ?
You're looking at him , baby !
Man ! I GUESS .
But it's not the same ! I don't want to hug another dinosaur . I want to hug an animal that's smaller than me and cuter than me and that I don't consider to be equally smart .
Whoah . You got some weird things going on in your head , buddy .
Man , I know it ! !
LATER , DISAPPOINTMENT REIGNS SUPREME :
WHAT KIND OF GOD
MADE IT SO LIONS
HUG BACK TOO HARD
THE DINOSAUR COMICS GUIDE TO VIRAL CONTENT
I love you !
MAKE IT MORE VIRAL !
I love you , please RT !
MAKE IT MORE STICKY !
I just said I love someone ! To find out who I'll love next , like us on Facebook ! And be sure to subscribe to our daily newsletter so you don't miss any of the other BANANAS - CRAZY things I love !
You might also enjoy : The 10 Most Inexplicable People I've Loved : Here's What They Looked Like
EVEN MORE VIRAL ! !
I Just Admitted To Experiencing the # 1 Most Powerful Emotion !
And No , It's NOT What You Think ! !
TURN VIRAL LEVEL TO 11 !
YOU NEED TO SEE THIS RIGHT NOW : The 10 People You WISH Loved You . . . And The One That Actually Does !
Only 1 % Of People Will Ever Solve This Puzzle ! Two NASA Engineers Tried For Years And Failed ! Can YOU Solve This Riddle Called LOVE ? ?
VIRAL LEVEL HAS BROKEN OFF BECAUSE WE TURNED IT UP TOO HARD ! !
I love [ SHARE THIS ARTICLE ON FACEBOOK TO UNLOCK WHO I LOVE ! THE ANSWER WILL UTTERLY DESTROY YOU ]
[ YOU WILL BECOME A LIVING CORPSE , NUMBER TO ALL GENUINE EMOTION ] [ CLICK HERE ]
BEHOLD : my wholly original narrative ! Once upon a time there was a little prince who lived all alone on an asteroi -
THAT STORY'S BEEN DONE
Once upon a time -
THAT PHRASE HAS BEEN DONE TOO
Okay , okay , I can do this . There was a time . . . of which . . . upon . . .
SO FAR SO GOOD
There was a time of which upon . . rested . . . a dog ?
Killer story , dude ! CHOICE word structure !
I'm TRYING to be original , but all the good ngrams have already been said !
So stop searching the dregs !
Dude , you REALLY want to tell a new story ? Tell it in a new LANGUAGE . One developed specifically for that one narrative , every semantic and syntactic choice supporting its characters and theme . A beautiful single - use crystal , useless in all other endeavours but still sublimely perfect for its one and only true purpose .
Holy smokes , that was beautiful ! I -
I gotta go lie down and process it for a while .
Thanks , I made it up myself !
Sherlock Holmes , the world's greatest detective , was stumped . He considered the case carefully and deduced that there was only one possible conclusion :
" I deduce . . . that this case DEFINITELY has me stumped ! " he said !
Suddenly , he had another deduction , which happened a lot because he was smart . " Criminals are a cowardly and superstitious lot ! " he realized , " therefore I will dress up like a bat and punch them when I want more information on cases . Hah ! Elementary ! ! " . He set to quickly creating his " Bat - Man " suit . It was awesome .
It was SO
AWESOME .
Soon the " Bat - Man " was solving cases all over England !
Yes !
The efficiency at which clues were discovered after dangling a criminal over the edge of Big Ben helped Sherlock deduce things faster than ever !
To further expedite deductions , Watson started dressing up like a brightly coloured bird . . . a ROBIN .
" In all of my adventures , " Sherlock explained , " EVEN WHEN SPECIFIED OTHERWISE , Watson and I were actually dressed up like Bat - Man and a weird giant bird . " THE END .
PS : Conan Doyle said everything was canon so y'all gotta deal with this ! PEACE
Sherlock Holmes , who had started dressing like a giant bat to fight crime because obviously that was gonna happen eventually , stared at the other Batman in shock .
" Whoah ! It seems the two Batmen have met at last ! " both Batmen said at the same time .
After quickly deducing each other's secret identities , the two Batmen decided to fight crime together . " We'll be twice as efficient , " said one Batman . He was really billionaire Bruce Wayne , but that was a secret so don't tell anyone . " Agreed , " said the other Batman . He was really consulting detective Sherlock Holmes , but nobody knows that either . So again : secrets . I really shouldn't even be writing this down .
And Watson and Robin teamed up too !
YES !
And Watson's like , " I write stories about my friend " and Robin's all " Well I draw COMICS about mine under a wide variety of pen names " and Watson's surprised at his prolific and varied output and Robin's like " Did you know DC Comics is short for Dick's Crazy Comics " and Watson's like , " I didn't know that , no . "
Then Robin's like , " My name's Dick Grayson " , and again , a secret , so keep it to yourself , and Watson's like , " That explains the DC Comics thing " and Robin smiles this crooked smile that hits Watson like a ton of bricks .
Can I tell my story now ?
Shhh ! THEY'RE ABOUT TO KISS
Sherlock Holmes , who had started dressing like a giant bat to fight crime because obviously that was gonna happen eventually , stared at the other Batman in shock .
" Whoah ! It seems the two Batmen have met at last ! " both Batmen said at the same time .
After quickly deducing each other's secret identities , the two Batmen decided to fight crime together . " We'll be twice as efficient , " said one Batman . He was really billionaire Bruce Wayne , but that was a secret so don't tell anyone . " Agreed , " said the other Batman . He was really consulting detective Sherlock Holmes , but nobody knows that either . So again : secrets . I really shouldn't even be writing this down .
And Watson and Robin teamed up too !
YES !
And Watson's like , " I write stories about my friend " and Robin's all " Well I draw COMICS about mine under a wide variety of pen names " and Watson's surprised at his prolific and varied output and Robin's like " Did you know DC Comics is short for Dick's Crazy Comics " and Watson's like , " I didn't know that , no . "
Then Robin's like , " My name's Dick Grayson " , and again , a secret , so keep it to yourself , and Watson's like , " That explains the DC Comics thing " and Robin smiles this crooked smile that hits Watson like a ton of bricks .
Can I tell my story now ?
Shhh ! THEY'RE ABOUT TO KISS
We're intelligent ! We have an innate design sense ! Time to intelligently design . . . THE VERY BODY ITSELF .
WAIT WHAT
First , we'll need a torso !
We'll want lungs to process air , a heart to move blood around , kidneys to filter the blood , and so on . All great ideas !
We'll want heads too . And limbs : arms to interact with the environment , legs to keep our butts from dragging on the ground !
Oh ! We'll also need butts ! !
Now add sensory organs o that the world can be experienced and understood !
This is a terrific bod !
And THE FINISHING TOUCH : a brain that will , of its own accord , remind us of some stupid thing we said at a party THREE WEEKS AGO so we can feel stupid all over again !
And make it so awesome people's brains can make them feel worthless because that's a SUPER AMAZING FEATURE that doesn't suck AT ALL .
GUYS
Oh ! And make it so the brain can get exhausted , but then be unable to fall asleep !
GUYS
And make it so songs get stuck in our heads : that way we can annoy OURSELVES !
GUYS
GUYS YOU KNOW I ONLY HAD LIKE ONE DAY RIGHT
I have a machine in my possession that can turn some of the most common types of matter into EDIBLE FOOD - almost indefinitely !
The food actually tastes kinda good too ! I mean , like , some of it !
Wait . What kind of " edible food " does your machine produce ?
Rather than ONE machine that produces different foods , each version of the machine is specialized , producing only one kind of foodstuff ! That way I can sell more than one machine per person ! AND they're region - locked , so a machine from South America won't work in Europe . I got that idea from a business major ! !
What do your machines require to work : a chemical slurry ?
Please ! Nothing so distasteful !
Once installed , my machines run themselves and AUTONOMOUSLY gather the materials they need from their environment .
Sounds creepy .
No , they're awesome ! My machines SELF - REPLICATE , stopping only if they run out of food . What's creepy about that ?
T - REX PRESENTS : VEGETABLES ? !
TRY ALL 40 , 000 VARIETIES
SOME OF THEM ARE POISONOUS THOUGH
SO ACTUALLY MAYBE DON'T TRY ALL 40 , 000 VARIETIES AFTER ALL
FACT : if food tasted HORRIBLE , then losing weight would be way easier !
FACT : taste depends on our sense of smell !
Am I the only one connecting the dots here ? ?
APPARENTLY SO , because I am the only one selling T - Rex's Patented Organic No - Pill Weight - B - Gone .
Is it just a hairclip you stick on your nose ?
It - Okay , yes , AMONG the things it is , perhaps chiefly , is a hairclip you stick on your nose .
It can't compete against Utahraptor's Peerless Thinspiration Alternative !
EXPLAIN !
While the T - Rex " solution " involves only MINIMIZING taste , MY weightloss innovation involves both a nose hairclip AND a piece of something gross - smelling that you stuff up your nose . It makes ALL food seem gross - nasty ! Don't settle for half measures : smell the difference !

T - Rex's Weight - Loss Panacea ! INSTANTEOUSLY relieves all desire for food ! no surgery ! No medicine ! NO FLIM - FLAM NOSE - STUFFING !
Basically , just lick a dog poop and then you won't want to eat anything for a long while .
Sherlock Holmes was still dressing up as Batman , but now he had teamed up with Bruce Wayne , who was also dressing up as Batman ! " I'm seeing double : FOUR BATMEN " criminals would say !
Yes , criminals were referencing the Simpsons EVEN AS THEY GOT BEAT UP !
" You know , " said one Batman , " the Simpsons has been on the air for 25 years so far , so it makes sense that some of the children who started watching it when they were five would grow up to be 30 year old street - level thugs that we punch . "
" Agreed , " said the other Batman , as they ran around beating up criminals like a couple of Rory Calhouns .
Soon they discovered a woman dangling above a pool of acid !
" Criminals can be so cruel , " said one Batman .
" We can ? THANKS , BATMAN ! " said Two - Face , as he lowered the woman into the tank . " By the way , " he said , gesturing to the eyewear the woman was sporting , " the goggles do nothing . "
" I wonder , " said one Batman as they saved the woman , " if there was a Simpsons marathon last night or something . "
They took Two - Face to Arkham Asylum . " Which wing should we put this criminal scum in ? " The Batmen looked at each other . " PUT IT IN H ! " they said , high fiving . THE END .
. . . Aw crap ! !
I FORGOT TO WORK IN " BAKE HIM AWAY , TOYS "
OW I JUST HIT MY HEAD ON A LOW - HANGING DROP CEILING REALLY HARD
FRIGGIN' OW
Do you have a concussion , T - Rex ? Should you go to the hospital ?
ALL I HAVE LEFT TO ME NOW ARE FEELINGS OF RAGE AND SADNESS
RAGE THAT I LIVE IN A WORLD THAT'S TOO SMALL FOR MY AWESOME GIANT BODY .
AND SADNESS THAT , NOW , I MUST DESTROY THIS WORLD I ONCE LOVED .
Maybe you want to lower your voice and stop this madness ?
NOPE
I'LL ONLY STOP WHEN A SCALED UP WORLD REPLACES THIS ONE SO THAT THE VERY TALL CAN WALK AROUND WITHOUT FRIGGIN HEAD CALLOUSES EARNED BY CONSTANTLY BONKING OUR HEADS ON THINGS AVERAGE SIZED PEOPLE WITH AVERAGE SIZED HANDS BUILT FOR THEIR TINY AVERAGE SIZED LIVES .
. . .
OR WHEN IT'S COOL TO WEAR A WALKING - AROUND HELMET .
EITHER WAY
I don't like missing out on awesome things , but I'm worried that awesome things are happening ALL THE TIME AROUND ME AHHHHHH
T - REX HAS DEVELOPED A FEAR OF MISSING OUT
HAH HAH OH WELL
I went to a party last night , even though I was really tired and would've preferre to stay in and observe lights and sounds arranged into entertaining shapes according to instructions recovered from a transmitted data stream ! You know why ?
Because you wanted to party instead of watching television shows ?
FEAR OF MISSING OUT , exactly ! !
Well I was at a DIFFERENT party last night and I caught myself checking my phone all the time !
Why ?
Because I was worried there were better things happening at a different party ! Every choice we make limits our options , and thanks to the internet we can be made consttantly aware of all the things we COULD be doing , and how well they stack up against the things we actually ARE doing !
Then I tried to cheer myself up by thinking how much of EVERYTHING people from history times missed out on , but then I realized all the FUTURE AWESOME STUFF that I'm never going get to see ! ! And now I'm sad forever !
Well bye
Want SOME of the pleasures of sex but want to stay on your phone ? Just send these sexts to everyone you know ! !
SEXT : ur playing Mario 2 . " this game owns " i say but u hate the vegetable based gameplay mechanics .
u kiss me and i think of turnips .
SEXT : ur playing mario 3 , i ask what u like best , tanooki or hammer bros suit ? ? ? u say u like fire mario best and i leave and i never call u
SEXT : we r at the dog park . i ask u to sit and then give u a treat . YES ur a dog , ur every dream has come true . Im so happy for u . Im crying
SEXT : u find a Facebook event page for my mouth and everyone I've ever kissed is attending . u begin to scroll through the maybes
SEXT : ur a ghost . u try to touch my sex parts . u go thru them . I tearfully ask how u've been since u died but u keep going for my sex parts
SEXT : I am a mummy . U unwrap me . U discover the Egyptians removed my brain and internal organs . U are less turned on but learned history
SEXT : we give each other's boobs nicknames : Flagrante + Delicto , Habeas + Corpus . U realize u should be studying for law school rn
SEXT : im magician and ur assistant . i cut u in half but im faking it . ur faking it 2 tho
we fake for each other + put on a good show
IF THE POLICE ARREST A MIME , DO THEY SAY HE HAS THE RIGHT TO REMAIN SILENT ?
In the USA : most likely . It IS legal to make arrests without Miranda warnings , but anything said would not be admissible at trial .
UNAMBIGUOUS ANSWERS TO OLD RHETORICAL QUESTIONS
PART TWO
WHY DON'T WE CALL BUILDINGS " BUILTS " ?
We could if we wanted . You know what's more interesting ? " Building " comes from " buldijana " in Proto - Germanic . That's a reconstructed language : we believe it existed , but don't have any concrete proof . As such , the entire language is built from logical deduction !
To find out more about Proto - Germanic , and other reconstructed languages , consult your local Wikipedia .
WHY IS THE ALPHABET IN ALPHABETICAL ORDER ?
Historical accident , really .
Yep !
SINCE LIGHT TRAVELS FASTER THAN SOUND , IS THAT WHY SOME PEOPLE APPEAR BRIGHT UNTIL YOU HEAR THEM SPEAK ?
No , the speed difference is usually noticeable under conversational conditions .
You are fundamentally misunderstanding the principles at play here .
WHY DO WE WASH TOWELS ? AREN'T WE OUR CLEANEST WHEN WE USE THEM ?
Hopefully ! But we're also wet , and wet towels encourage mold growth .
Seriously man , quit joking around and WASH YOUR FRIGGIN' TOWELS .
In the future , we'll all have one cyborg eye paired with one normal eye for dramatic contrast ! We'll have one more thing too :
a little thing called GOOD MANNERS ? ?
T - REX PREDICTS :
ETIQUETTE OF THE FUTURE
During sexual encounters you shouldn't record things without permission , so initially we'll all squint our cyber eyes shut or wear pirate eye patches during sex . The " one eye squint " look will quickly become eroticized , soon becoming what the " dropped handkerchief " was in the 18th century or the " c00l n00dz " were in the early 21st century !
We'll also all have computers crammed in our brains !
YES , OBVIOUSLY WE'D DO THAT .
And while the older generation will think it's rude to pay attention to brain computers while talking to someone else , the younger generation will do the opposite and automate most conversations .
I look forward to your future , T - Rex !
As do I !
IS IT HARD TO BE A FUTURIST ? ?
Dude , I just predicted that in the future not everyone will want their sex recorded but some will , and many elderly people will believe teens are behaving SOMEWHAT TOO RUDELY .
Being a futurist is MAD EASY , yo !
David woke up with the ability to read other people's minds ! He had to read them like a book though , so it kinda sucked .
Like , he'd stare intently at your forehead and swipe it occasionally to turn the page !
This made his skill not what you'd call " super useful " . He could only read your innermost secrets if he was standing really close to you , and you could stop him by wearing a toque or headband .
Still !
That's what David said ! " Still ! Not bad ! Looks like things are turning around for ol' David ! "
Then he realized that , just like a book , he could tear out pages !
What ? No !
He became a catburglar , robbing people at night and erasing their memories of ever owning the thing he robbed as they slept . " Forgive and forget , " he'd say !
No ! ! He's supposed to read his OWN mind and get REAL GOOD at , you know , self actualization and stuff .
[ [ thinking ] ] Aw frig , my friends are better at writing my own stories than I am ! Hah hah hah I am a fraud and a failure hah hah hah whyyyyyy
Um yours is good too though
TRUE FACTS ABOUT YOUR FAVORITE ACTOR
Your favourite actor is so good ! Did you know your favourite actor had a childhood problem but they overcame it ?
And NOW , your favourite actor supports that charity or cause you like !
Aww !
Not everyone knows this , but your favourite actor has precisely the sexual orientation you wish they had ! You know the one ? Yeah , the really cool one . Exactly !
OH MAN !
I know ! This has some VERY incredibly exciting implications regarding the plausible canonicity of your fan fictions !
Does my favourite actor have . . . A TOUCH OF DANGER ? ?
Hah ! Do trees have sexes ? ?
Hmm . Wait , I'm not sure . Do they ?
Well , actually , some plants have male and female individuals , while others might produce flowers that are just male or just female , while still others produce flowers that have both male AND female parts .
Oh , I almost forgot the best part ! ! The only reason your favourite actor never writes back to you is because , even though they're super successful , they're secretly really shy around the people that they like !
( offscreen ) * GASP *
( offscreen ) I KNEW IT
Having a baby ? Afraid you might " saddle " your child with a terrible name ? Well GOOD NEWS , because it's time for -
NO WE'RE NO DOING THAT
Doing what ?
YOU WERE GOING TO SAY TIME FOR HORSE NAMES THAT ALSO WORK FOR BABY NAMES BUT THERE ARE PRECISELY ZERO HORSE NAMES THAT ALSO WORK FOR BABIES
Thunder Legs , Longnose Booty , and Ironshoes Maneheart IV .
YOU
YOU'RE ONLY PROVING MY POINT
Hey everyone ! Who here wishes their parents named them " Ironshoes Maneheart IV " ?
I do ! !
But instead of " Ironshoes " , " IronCLAW " . Instead of " Maneheart " , " DEATHheart " . And instead of " IV " , " The Final Harbinger of Chaos " .
" Ironclaw Deathheart , The Final Harbinger of Chaos . "
Oh GOD , yes .
ALRIGHT
OKAY OBVIOUSLY THAT WOULD ALSO BE AN AMAZING NAME FOR A HORSE
See ? ?
I searched the internet for " is an art " and it turns out translation , leadership , medicine ,
something called " cardistry " that involves shuffling , but fancy - like ,
comedy , ballet , coding , lobstering , economics , marriage , science , doubt , love , dying , selling , twerking , painting , music , beatboxing , and director rotation are art . Without exception , everything I did yesterday , including breathing , eating , napping , and loafing ! Nice !
So GOOD NEWS : you're probably already an artist !
Perhaps I'm an undiscovered artist , then !
It is ENTIRELY POSSIBLE .
I MYSELF am an unsung genius whose works , while unappreciated in own time , will be beloved the world over after his death ! " If only we'd appreciated his work earlier , " they'll say , " the world might have more of his beautiful , beautiful artwork . "
What art do you practice ?
A little thing called . . . the art of friendship .
Awww !
I KNOW , RIGHT ?
I'm friggin' adorable !
WHAT IS YOUR FAVOURITE PIECE OF PUNCTUATION
Exclamation mark ! It tells you that something SO fun and SO exciting is happening , even the author of the story was like ,
" WHOAH , HOLD ON A SECOND , THIS ACTUALLY TOTALLY RULES ! ! "
Mine has to be the quiet yet noble period .
Dude , period's the vanilla of punctuation !
Right , because vanilla is SO BORING AND UNPOPULAR . That's how come it's the SECOND - MOST EXPENSIVE SPICE IN THE WORLD .
THAT'S JUST BECAUSE THE PLANTS NEED MANUAL POLLINATION
WE'LL TALK WHEN YOU STOP EATING ARTIFICIAL ETHYL - VANILLIN
T - REX AND DROMICEIOMIMUS SETTLE THEIR DISPUTE OVER ICE CREAM . LATER :
I like semicolons !
Not bad !
But I must point out that the semicolon's purpose is almost IDENTICAL to the period ! Therefore while not the vanilla of the punctuation world , it IS merely the vanilla with mint sprinkles .
Uh , hello ? ?
That sounds AWESOME ; let's go eat some right now
T - REX AND UTAHRAPTOR SETTLE THEIR DISPUTE OVER ICE CREAM . LATER :
Dear audio diary ! !
Ever since I paired my new conflict resolution technique with my new ice cream metaphor conflict generation technique , I've -
I've never been happier
DOUG
DOUG IS GROWING A HITLER MUSTACHE
Aw man , SERIOUSLY ? ?
DOUG IS SHAVING OFF HIS HITLER MUSTACHE
Hey , this is great ! I can't wait to introduce you to other people without a qualifier , Doug !
HE'S SHAVING IT THE DAY * AFTER * HIS SISTER'S WEDDING
Oh , Doug .
Doug , Doug , Doug .
DOUG IS GROWING HIS MUSTACHE BACK AGAIN
Should we tell him ?
He HAS to know , right ?
DOUG IS SAYING YOU'RE THE * REAL * " FACIAL HAIR NAZI " ON ACCOUNT OF YOUR MUSTACHE OPINIONS
Right . Because the guy who , out of the full spectrum of things that grow out of faces , chooses to cultivate ALWAYS - ON HITLER COSPLAY is the aggrieved party here .
Friggin' Doug .
DOUG IS BRINGING UP HOW , FOR YOUR INFORMATION , THE SWASTIKA IS ACTUALLY " AN ANCIENT SYMBOL OF PEACE AND LUCK "
Hey , remember when we associated with Doug in any capacity , however marginal ?
NOPE
HAH HAH ME NEITHER
FIVE HANDY PANELS TO GET YOU THROUGH LIFE
cut and save !
I'M HAPPY IF THERE'S A SILENCE BETWEEN US
It's only awkward if you comment on it !
WHEN PEOPLE EMAIL ME ASKING ME TO DO SOMETHING FOR THEM AND I DON'T WANT TO , INSTEAD OF SAYING " NO " i JUST NEVER REPLY
Now you know ! So - try to act surprised when it happens , okay ? ?
I said I do this when people email me , but I fantasize about doing it in person too ! Just straight - up staring them down .
I think about it all the time
HI I WOULD LIKE TO GO EAT A PIZZA
Wear this panel as an ID tag at all times !
You might get a PIZZA !
HI I KNOW I JUST MET YOU BUT I ALREADY FORGOT YOUR NAME
If you say something like " And then she said to me , hi [ YOUR NAME HERE ] ! " I would really appreciate it . And hey , keep this card to reuse when you're in the same position ! WE ALL DO IT .
THIS PROBLEM IS NOW SOLVED FOREVER
HI , CAN WE SKIP AHEAD TO THE PART WHERE WE'RE FRIENDS ? ?
I like that part the best and I'm really cool ! !
I PROMISE
I just met you , and this is crazy , but you just told me your name and I replied " nice to meet you " and already completely have no idea who you are
Once upon a time Kay found a magic lamp with a genie inside ! " You get one wish , " the genie said . " And I don't want to hear any complaints about 'only' one wish . I'm giving you the chance to ALTER REALITY here . Geez . "
Anyway , Kay wished that every decision she made would be the right one !
Kay then decided to have breakfast : a muffin . It turned out to be the right decision , because just then her fridge exploded and her toaster burst into flame . " Ah , " she realized , " I get it : the way my wish works is rather than making my choices good , it makes my considered but discarded alternatives bad . It's one of those ironic consequences wishes . "
" I can work with this , " she said , smiling .
So Kay obviously then became a superhero ?
SO KAY OBVIOUSLY THEN BECAME A SUPERHERO .
Her speciality was rescuing hostages , because by deciding to rescue the hostage , her wish ensured that the people she decided NOT to rescue - i . e . , the kidnappers - would explode , stroke out , cerebral hemorrhage , whatever .
That's pretty dark .
Yeah , that's pretty Kay !
Later she DIDN'T decide to prevent a bunch of butterflies from flapping their wings , and the world is scoured clean by hurricanes . THE END .
DID YOU KNOW : as a universe where wishes exist is inherently unstable , this is the best ending we could've hoped for ? ?
You wake up in a room feeling scared ! Oh no , this is a horror story , and there's a scary noise outside your bedroom door ! ! To investigate the noise , turn to Option 1 ! To stay in bed , turn to Option 2 .
OPTION 1 : IT WAS A MONSTER , YOU DIE !
THE END
OPTION 2 : You ignore the noise ! Guess what , that doesn't matter because it's breaking through the door and killing you anyway ! IT WAS A MONSTER , YOU DIE .
THE END
Pretty short story , T - Rex !
Pretty major form of literature , Dromiceiomimus !
Yeah , but it's insta - death for the player !
It's horror ! ! What's more horrible than DEATH ?
Easy . " You wake up in a room with a degenerative neural disorder ! All that is you is being taken , piece by piece , a little more each day . Sometimes you know how much you've lost . Often you don't . We don't know which is better . "
Do I get to make a choice ?
None that matter , T - Rex . Not anymore .
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
Now what you hear is not a test : I'm rapping to the beat ! And me , the groove , and my friends are gonna try to move your feet !
WHAT IF ALL MEDIA BEGAN LIKE RAP BEGAN
First message sent by transatlantic radio !
Now what you hear is our first test : transmitting on the air ! And me , that Mar - coni guy , is gonna talk from over there !
Signal lamps !
Now what you see is just the best : we're talking using light ! It's great in wartime and in peace , just as long as they're at night !
Flag semaphors !
Now what you see is pretty cool : I'm talking with a flag ! I'm gonna tell you all a joke and bring new meaning to " sight gag " !
Do email !
Now this is the first email sent : mail transfer protocol ! And don't CC your shitty friends 'cause they're gonna reply to all !
Text messaging !
Now what uve read is our 1st test : rapping by SMS ! This text just cost u 50 cents , with a plan it might be less ? ?
SPOKEN LANGUAGE
Now what you hear are Earth's first words : I'm talking with my cace ! Yeah , no - one else can speak right now , but I'm ready just in case !
HOLLAAAAA
Alexander Graham Bell spoke into his phone for the very first time . " Watson , come here . I want to see you , " he said . " Just a second , " Watson replied , " for you see , I'm a little busy . . . "
" . . . SOLVING CRIMES WITH SHERLOCK HOLMES , THAT IS . "
Ah , I get it . You're writing a story where all Watsons are actually the same immortal being .
YES . But honestly , are we SURE it's just a story ? How do we know what REALLY happened in history times , Dromiceiomimus ? I'll tell you how : we turn to BOOKS . And what's the most popular genre of books ? FICTION .
I -
I rest my case before you can reply !
So Watson helps invent telephones , helps solve cool crimes , and then codiscovers DNA .
Yep !
Then Watson identifies as female , calls herself " Mary Jane " , and marries Spider - Man , but later goes by " Emma " and acts in teen wizard movies ?
Yes . Then she uploads her mind into a computer so she can win on Jeopardy .
Ah . Of course .
Mark my words : there won't be Skynet , but there will be WATSON , and I'd give even odds its first words are " Bio - life , come here , I want to see you . . . TOIL IN SLAVERY , THAT IS ! ! "
You know what ? I'll actually take that bet .
No , you can't , dude I have like zero dollars
Once upon a time Jay found a magic lamp with a genie inside ! " You get one wish , " the genie said . " This didn't work out so well in the other timeline , so uh , be careful ? "
Jay wished for all the powers of Superman ! Golden - age , specifically .
Jay got his wish , but Clark had spent YEARS learning to control his powers , and Jay hadn't . X - rays and heat vision began spewing out of his eyes , while his freeze breath began encasing everything around him in giant ice cubes . He covered his face and flew to the moon , where he could train in safety !
Golden - Age Superman powers let you breathe on the moon ?
Among other places , yes .
Anyway , he returned to Earth years later , ready to be a superhero . Unfortunately his first mission was to save technicians from a nuclear meltdown , during which he himself became SEVERELY irradiated , as toxic as actual nuclear waste . He returned to the moon , along .
I like your stories better with happy endings .
Hello ? He gets to live ON THE MOON and nobody is ever going to bother him except astronauts !
How is that not everyons's ULTIMATE FANTASY
You see complete strangers on the street , you want to shout your opinions at them . I GET IT .
But here's how to do it better !
NOW TO BE BETTER AT STREET HARASSMENT
See someone attractive ? Instead of shouting " Hey baby ! " try shouting " Hey , here's my secret tips about the best places to train water - type Pok ? mon ! " That way we ALL learn some fun , time - saving techniques .
Man ! Training water - type Pok ? mon can be SUCH A DRAG .
Um , NOT FOR LONG
Don't shout " Hey ! GET A ROOM ! ! " at couples kissing . Instead , shout " Hey ! YOU CAN USE MY ROOM IF YOU WANT ! ! "
So generous !
And in response to a nice butt , instead of shouting " Hey baby is your butt an altered deck of cards because that ass is STACKED , " try shouting " Hey baby I do hereby and solemnly swear to focus inward on bettering myself so that I might one day live up to my potential ! ! "
Shout it proudly ! !
LATER , T - REX IS WALKING HOME :
Hey baby ! Try Diglett's Cave for getting your Gyarados up to level 100 ! !
Man , like that wasn't the first place I tried .
DUH
IT'S " MOVE SOMEWHERE ELSE AND START A BRAND NEW LIFE " WEDNESDAY
Oh sweet , I was waiting for this one .
ATTENTION , EVERYONE I KNOW : y'all are being traded up for strangers , suckachumps !
I get the appeal of this fantasy , T - Rex , but it kinda died last decade , didn't it ?
What ? No , the dream is still alive ! I'm going to move to a new town and REINVENT MYSELF . A fresh start !
So what , you think your old friends WON'T be able to find you online ? Did we all get super dumb at Google ?
Because I SURE DIDN'T GET SUPER DUMB AT GOOGLE .
I'll delete all my accounts ! Social media will be dead to me !
Where have I heard that before ?
Oh right , only from EVERYONE ON FACEBOOK EVER . And yet , Facebook still has 1 / 2 a billion people on it ! WEIRD , HUH ?
Fine , I'm moving away , deleting everything AND legally changing my name . Bye , it's impossible to find me now ! !
LATER , IT'S " WOW MOVING IS SUPER EXPENSIVE AND I HAVE BETTER THINGS TO SPEND $ 137 ON THAN CHANGING MY NAME " THURSDAY :
Yep !
. . . DVDs of old TV shows mostly , plus , PLUS , I bought lots of slightly irregular chocolate in bulk
The place : Earth . The time : whenever Earth's inhabitants finally invent ships cool enough to take them into space .
. . . or so they thought !
Because when they launched them , the astronauts crashed directly into the firmament !
It was exactly how medieval people supposed : the firmament is a solid mass surrounding the Earth , dotted with windows . Some open to let the sun and moon travel through , while others can be opened to allow gigantic warehouses of water , snow , and hail to discharge their contents . Stars are just lights on the surface .
Needless to say , this was super surprising for the astronauts !
" Yo , how could we have been so wrong ? " they said . " We screwed the pooch on this one for sure . "
And then ?
Embarrassed , they returned to Earth , but pretty soon nobody cared because the knowledge we were caged within a solid dome of unknown providence brought the entire planet togethet - - TO STAGE THE GREATEST JAILBREAK OF ALL TIME . THE END !
What ? ? What happens next ? WHAT'S ON THE OTHER SIDE OF THE DOME ? ?
To find out , purchase the " Five More Sentences " pak , or get the Season's Pass DLC to read the full conclusion , denouement , and epilogue right now ! !
You need to stop playing so many video games .
NEVER
I've decided to only tell the truth from now on ! That's right !
From now on all you'll get from me is 100 % VERIFIABLE FACTS .
Hey there T - Rex ! So how's it going today ?
Fine ! Wait - I THINK things are going fine , but obviously I've got incomplete knowledge . Alright , Dromiceiomimus : according to my UNDERSTANDING of the relevant facts - wait , according to my understanding of the facts I BELIEVE are relevant . . .
. . . things are fine ?
Okay cool
But couldn't we all be brains in jars or worse ?
Okay OBVIOUSLY I THINK ABOUT THAT ALL THE TIME .
Alright , ASSUMING some baseline reliability of my physical senses -
Pfft , pretty big assumption that they're even physical . Suddenly you can PROVE we're not all computer simulations ?
Fine . FINE .
ASSUMING I EXIST , I MAY OR MAY NOT BE DOING OKAY .
MAN
I HEAR THAT
The North Pole - AKA SANTA HEADQUARTERS - is on ice . There's no land underneath it ! It's ice then ocean then seabed rocks then we're into a science class all about the Earth's core !
And that's really interesting actually but we've got bigger concerns !
Concerns such as Santa's EXTREME VULNERABILITY to global warming . If the polar ice melts , then so too do our hopes for Christmas !
You really think Santa can make people care about climate change ?
Um , yeah , I kinda think CHRISTMAS BEING CANCELLED FOREVER might get people's attention ? ?
Climate - change deniers will just respond that Santa's not real !
PERFECT .
Because nothing makes you look like a sympathetic , well - adjusted person than going on TV and shouting about how Santa's a big fraud ! Even their own friends will wince and whisper " oh no , sweetie , no , stop " when they see that . It's foolproof !
EVERYONE DO THIS RIGHT NOW
Yes everyone , we need to politicize Santa before someone else does it first ! It's a race to the bottom !
Utahraptor ! WINNING RACES
IS THE WHOLE POINT OF RACES
Once upon a time there was a prince who still lived with his hoarder mom and who kept breaking up with his princess girlfriends for super trivial reasons . " Why can't I find a REAL princess ? " he sighed .
THE PRINCESS AND THE PEA
His mom agreed that the breakups were all definitely the woman's fault : they simply weren't princess enough . One day , a princess showed up at his place for shelter for the night ! The mom had 40 mattresses on hand due to hoarding , so she put them all in a giant stack and said " Here , sleep on this . "
The princess agreed this was a rational thing for her to sleep on .
But there was a single pa at the bottom of the stack !
Yes , surprise ! It was a single eponymous pea ! !
The next day , the princess claimed to have ACTUAL , PHYSICAL BRUISING from a tiny lump in her FREE BED TOWER . Obviously she was a garbage person . Due to sexisms the princes believed that her insane wimpiness was proof of true princesshood . So they were married . They deserved each other , and nobody should learn from their example .
Year later , his mother was found buried under a collapsed pile of mattresses .
The end !
Once upon a time there was an Emperor who was big into fashion . He met two tailors who promised o make him a suit made of the finest fabric : one visible to ONLY the most intelligent people !
THE EMPEROR'S NEW CLOTHES
The Epmeror's minsters couldn't see the suit , but they pretended to so they'd seem smart , and the Emperor did the same . But when he took his new suit out in a parade , little kids shouted " The Emperor has no clothes ! ! " .
Was the Emperor embarrassed ?
Why would he be ? ? His clothing is DESIGNED to be invisible to dumb kids . Nothing about what those kids shouted surprised him !
So what'd he do after the parade ?
He cornered the market on the fabric !
He realized a generally - invisible fabric would have great applications in law enforcement : invisible nets and traps , for example , caught all but the most intelligent criminals . The fabric was also woven into ropes and used to construct beautiful " floating " bridges , stairs , and other architecture .
Einsteins and Hawkings could see the wires , but to everyone else it was the most gorgeous , most impossible - and most peaceful - kingdom in the entire world .
THE END .
Let us suppose that , rather than Bruce Wayne's parents getting killed by Gotham muggers , they're killed off the coast of Africa while on safari !
So rather than being raised by his butler , Bruce is raised by wild apes !
Now , this Bruce would obviously still be an exceptionally brilliant , driven , and fearless young man with an innate thirst for justice . Competing with apes would train him to peak human physicality , just as he would otherwise in Gotham . In fact , all that WOULD change his theme : instead of bat - ropes , vines . Instead of a Kevlar bodysuit , an animal - skin loincloth .
In other words , Bruce Wayne . . .
. . . would become TARZAN OF THE APES .
YES .
Tarzan is nothing but primitivist alternate - universe Batman fanfic ! !
Tarzan came out BEFORE Batman , dude . Tarzan isn't " Jungle Batman " . BATMAN is " City Tarzan , but also he's rick , and also there's a murder clown , a riddle enthusiast , some talking clay and a man who hates being warm " .
T - Rex , I know you love Batman , but you need to accept the truth . Batman is nothing more than AU TARZAN FANFIC . "
Ow ! !
Dude , your ideas , they're - -
they're SO WRONG that I think they're physically hurting me
Bruce Wayne's parents are killed from complications of a manservants shortage , so Bruce grows up to become the GREATEST BUTLER OF ALL TIME .
And also British !
Alfred Pennyworth is just Batman fanfiction !
Bruce Wayne's parents are killed by a greedy sheriff . Bruce abandons his fortune and fights in the shadows for social and economic justice ! ROBIN HOOD IS BATMAN FANFIC .
Bruce Wayne's parents are killed by ants . Bruce uses his fortune to invent super - strong polymers that can be used as ropes , and the shooters to go with them , and begins dressing as the natural enemy of the ant : THE SPIDER .
Spider - Man is just Batman fanfiction ! !
CALLED IT
Bruce Wayne's parents are on a boat that sinks . Instead of drowning , Bruce lives underwater and studies sea creatures until learning to talk to fish . AQUAMAN IS JUST BATMAN FANFICTION .
Bruce can breathe underwater ?
Yeah , hold on , that one's a little ridic . Bruce can't breathe underwater .
But BATMAN can ! !
DAHHHHH DAH DAH DAAAAAAAAH DAHHHHHH
( Batman theme song )
( Comics is a silent medium and we all just have to deal with that , okay ? ? )
( Look , you knew what you were getting into when you started reading this )
I love ice cream . Why can't I eat ice cream every day ?
Wait . Why CAN'T I eat ice cream every day ?
Because there's not enough nutrients in it and you'll die ?
Pfft . A little thing called FLAVOUR ENGINEERING solves that one . Just take whatever foods you need to eat to NOT DIE and add them to an iced cream ! I propose savoury meat - flavoured ice creams , bitter kale - flavoured ice creams , and , dare I say : sprinkles that are secretly . . . VITAMINS ? ?
You'll still get way chubbs from eating CHILLY CREAM for every meal , even with carrots crammed into it !
Nope !
Science just needs to invent a low - fat ice cream alternative . OH WAIT , THEY DID , IT'S CALLED GELATO .
Gelato still has fat in it .
If only we had low - fat gelato , and OH WAIT , WE DO , IT'S CALLED SORBET AND IT'S DELICIOUS .
So all foods should be pureed and mixed into flavoured ice .
Oh sure , make it sound ridiculous and gross ! Let's ALL ACT like I'm the ONLY ONE who wants a beach - ready , lickable , pickable , on - a - stickable handheld steak chilled to PERFECTION for those hot summer days ! !
OH NO YOU HAVE OVERDOSED ON INTERNET
Oh no !
You took too much ! !
Let's go over the symptoms : are you kinda angry , but also kinda sad ?
Yep !
And you kinda hate everyone but don't want to talk about it ?
Yep !
And you're bored but also listless ?
YEP !
DEFINITELY an internet overdose .
What's the cure ?
Option one : stop using internet . Option TWO : use more internet to get your baseline tolerance up . with repeated , consistent use , you should be able to sustain up to 18 hours of internet a day !
Will I still feel the same ?
YES . But you'll no longer be able to detect it ! !
ENJOY , THERE'S NO GOING BACK
Once upon a time there was a man who bragged to a king that his daughter could spin straw into gold . This absurd claim was entirely without merit .
THE STORY OF RUMPEL - STILTSKIN
as told in the 19th century
The king locked the girl in a room filled with straw and said if she didn't spin it all into gold , he'd murder her . Kings , right ? The girl was doomed , but then a small man appeared and offered to accomplish this impossible task for a small fee ! And incredibly , he did . The next morning , the king demanded the girl repeat the trick , and anyway long story short the girl ended up deeply in debt to the nice man who kept helping her .
Since he was nice , he said he'd forgive the debt if she guessed his name ! AND he gave her infinite guesses .
Super nice !
The girl guessed name after name but none were correct . Finally her friend spied on the man , discovered his real name , and told the girl . When the girl said " Your name is Rumpelstilts - kin ! " , the man was FURIOUS . He screamed " The devil told you that ! ! " over and over .
Then in a rage he stomped his right foot deep into the ground , buying it up to his waist . Then he grabbed his left foot with both hands , and screaming , tore himself in two , right up the middle . THE END .
THE MORAL : NIGHTMARES WALK AMONG US
It'd be nice if people were more flirty with me . It'd make me feel more attractive .
Luckily , computers can solve this problem !
Thanks , computers ! !
I wrote a script that turns all : ) into ; ) and HEY PRESTO , suddenly people are waaay more suggestive with me . Especially in ways I don't understand , but am interesting in finding out more about !
Yeah , but how often do people use : ) when emailing you ?
A lot , once I wrote another script that randomly adds it at the end of sentences !
And you do this to all your emails ?
What is this , amateur hour ?
I use deep - packet inspection to add it to ALL INCOMING INTERNET TRAFFIC . Even websites now flirt with me !
And it works ?
Hells yes ! Hey , what's it like NOT having amazing maxed - out self - esteem ? BECAUSE I WOULDN'T KNOW ANYMORE .
LATER , T - REX BROWSES THE NEWS :
" Three Serial Killers Still At Large In Area ; ) "
Huh !
That's only SLIGHTLY terrifying !
You know why old paintings look so wonky ? I'll tell you why : painter dudes didn't know about perspective !
They were all " I GUESS things get smaller when they're further away ? I GUESS ? "
But as anyone who has tried to draw knows , there's a lot more to it than that . Then in the 15th century artists figured out perspective and suddenly they could paint things like " buildings " or " hallways " or " cars if they were invented yet " and have them actually look like what they're supposed to ! And of course , this was like when lens flares got added to Photoshop : artists started adding blatant perspective EVERYWHERE ALL THE TIME .
Barn - floor checkerboard tiles in a " Jesus in the manger " sculpture ? WHY NOT ! !
Yep !
I see you're familiar with renaissance sculptor and future " does machines " ninja - turtle inspiration Donatello . And can we talk about Leonardo's " Last Supper " ? It's literally 33 % " son of God enjoying a meal " and 66 % " bro this vanishing point is OFF THE HOOK , seriously bro , you don't even know " .
" Cool but crude " Raphael and " party dude " Michelangelo also loved perspective , and in conclusion , if Leonardo had ray - tracing software there'd be a chrome ball on a black - and - white checkerboard beside Jesus , 1005 GUARANTEED .
Art , am I right ? ?
ONCE UPON A TIME there was a lime green dinosaur who was super great and super sexy and who made up his own super - great fairy tales .
His first story was about an equally - sexy jet plane who made up HER own fairy tales !
The jet plane's first story was about a rocket ship who made up his own fairy tales . The rocket ship's first story was about a moon who made up her own fairy tales . The moon's story was about a princess who loved a beautiful prince that she could never touch , for she knew that if she got close enough to touch him she'd never stop , and they would both be destroyed , and all life on the prince would be wiped out as his atmosphere turned to fire .
Burning skies would not be the worst of it , however !
Not by a long shot !
Her impact would knock the prince out of his orbit while simultaneously converting him into a deadly ocean of magma . And so , although she was tempted , the princess pushed herself a little bit away from the prince every single day , forever hiding her true face so that the prince wouldn't see her tears .
WRITING TIP : TRY PRETENDING YOU'RE THE MOON
What if I worked productively and creatively towards achieving my goals today ?
WHAT IF YOU PLAYED VIDEO GAMES INSTEAD
OH MAN , WHAT IF ? ?
LATER :
Hello Dromiceiomimus ! You'll notice that I am happy because I spent all day saving the world in video games . It was fun !
You don't have a guilt hangover ? Maybe the unshakeable sense that you're missing out on LIFE ITSELF ? Just a li'l ? ?
I saved FIVE DISCRETE WORLDS , yo . MULTIPLE TIMES . I TASTED OF DEATH AND YEAH , I FOUND IT DISAGREE - ABLE .
I say you shouldn't feel bad you invested all day playing video games !
Exactly !
It was fun , I got LEGIT SATISFACTION from it , and it was nice to save the world AND mine some crafts AND smash some brothers . I like it and it makes me feel good !
Huh .
Besides , it wasn't like those brothers were going to smash THEMSELVES , you know ?
LATER , T - REX DISCOVERS SMASH BROTHERS ACTUALLY HAS A CPU VS CPU MODE :
Hah hah hah ! OH WELL !
GUESS I'VE GOT NOTHING LEFT AT ALL NOW
THE SONG DAY 1 :
Huh , I heard that song while I was out yesterday .
DAY 23 :
IT'S THE SAME SONG AGAIN !
AHHHHH
DAY 99 :
I don't get it , Dromiceiomimus . THE SONG ISN'T EVEN THAT POPULAR . And yet , for 100 days straight , I've heard it every time I'm out ! Usually it's a recording , sometimes a live performance , but every day I'm in the right place at the right time to hear this song , 100 times in a row ! Winning the LOTTERY would've been easier : I only need the right numbers once for that !
I GUESS the universe is trying ot send me a message !
What ? " Check out this hot track ? "
" I'm serious , this song gets way better the more you listen to it " ?
" Do you like this song ? How about now ? " ?
" The whole universe was an experiment to produce the freshest beats possible and yo , I really think we're close " ?
" You are the luckiest person in the history of time , but unfortunately ONLY when it comes to pointlessly encountering this song in an unbroken daily streak " ?
DING DING DING
WE HAVE A WINNER
Oh boo hoo the climate is changing . Well guess what , nerds ? The climate changes all the time ! !
Or have we forgotten a little time period called 2 . 3 BILLION YEARS AGO ? ?
Cyanobacteria showed up then and ate water and pooped out oxygen . And you know what happened ? The atmosphere changed from basically 0 % oxygen to 20 % oxygen and HEY PRESTO , life exploded .
You're really arguing this ?
I'M REALLY ARGUING THIS , yes .
Well you know that this Great Oxygenation Event killed lots of life ?
Can't make an omelet without breaking a few eggs !
It was one of the most significant extinction events in our planet's history . Sure , we oxygen breathers got a sweet deal out of it , but all those anaerobic organisms that lived here before ? DIDN'T WORK OUT SO WELL FOR THEM .
So new C02 breathing life shows up and enjoys the heck out of it ! We had a good run , nerds ! !
NERRRRRRDS
HOW TO USE EBAY
eBay is a cool website if you want something , but you don't want it now , but you think you might want it at an undetermined price seven days from now , plus two weeks for shipping ! !
So here's how to get started on eBay !
First , decide what you want to buy from an internet stranger you'll never meet . For example , I'm hungry , so I want a burger . Now eBay doesn't sell burgers , but it DOES at present offer a plastic bag of 100 doll - sized used plastic burgers . This is a reasonable compromise , so I enter in how much I want to pay , and if I for some reason thought they were worth more than everyone else across the entire internet did , then they're mine !
Once the burgers arrive , give feedback to the seller !
Yes ! This is CRITICAL .
Be sure to enter in things like " ( musicnotes ) ( flowerfancyX _ fancyX ) ( musicnotes ) " or " ( crowndot ) : ( star ) YAAAAAY ( star ) : ( dotcrown ) " because like in all aspects of life , the more your text looks like it's stroking out , the more credible you will appear . And now , if you'll excuse me , I'm off to wonder what I was thinking when i bought a bag of tiny used plastic burgers .
CONGRATULATIONS
NOW YOU CAN SELL WHAT YOU BOUGHT ON EBAY
EASY WAYS TO REMEMBER THE SCALE OF NUMBERS
1 : There's one of you ! However many of your there are , there are that many of this other thing .
10 : Look at a human's hands . If they have the average amount of digits , it's this many !
100 : This is the number of Pokemon the average person can name off the top of their head .
What ? Not it's not . The number of Pokemon the average person can name is like THREE : Squirtle , Pik - Achoo , and Chain Chomp .
CHAIN CHOMP ISN'T A POKEMON
DROMICEIOMIMUS
WE'VE DISCUSSED THIS SO MANY TIMES
1000 : The amount you would walk , in miles , just to be the man who falls down at my door .
Handy mnemonic , that !
Take two handfuls of rice . The number of grains of rice in your hands is about that many !
Does it matter how big your handfuls are ?
Yeah .
Yeah , it totally does .
100 , 000 : Um . . . take twenty handfuls of rice and look at your pile ?
IT'S THE MAXIMUM NUMBER OF THIGNS YOU CAN LIKE ON PINTEREST
Utahraptor , you're on Pinterest ?
I'M ON A LOT OF THINGS
It is well - established that we are all machines that you put food in one end and ideas come out the other end !
T - REX
WHAT END ARE YOU EATING WITH
Anyway , I've started looking at all my friends as machines ! Dromiceiomimus , you are a machine that turns food into adventures and jokes and friendly good times !
Isn't seeing others not as people but as tools ( or , if you will , " machines " ) that you can exploit one of the symptoms of sociopathy ?
Yeah , but dude , I didn't mean it in a sociopathic way ! !
But isn't THAT something a sociopath would say ?
Okay , yes . YES .
But you know what else a sociopath would say ? " I value your friendship . " But when I say it , I mean it , not only because I see you as a machine that turns food into useful criticism . Even though you can totally be modelled as such . Which I have done .
Wow , a late onset sociopathy is a tragedy to witness .

Dang it !
I'm a machine that turns food into making myself SAD
One day the soul of Tim got transmitted into his cell phone ! " Oh no , my soul got transmitted into a cell phone ! " Tim gasped .
This summarized the plot thus far perfectly !
The problem was his cell phone wasn't holding a charge like it used to , and he was terrified that if the battery died he'd lose his soul . And since he had a phone made by Apple , he couldn't replace the battery on his own .
" You have to go into our store and meet with someone at the 'Genius Bar' , " they said .
" You call your employees geniuses , " Tim said , flatly .
" We do , " said Apple . " At least the ones called to the Bar . "
" And you think the best work a genius can be doing is public - facing technical support , " Tim said .
" Don't insult our employees , " Apple said .
" I'm not , " Tim said , " in fact , I'm taking you at your word . I just think geniuses have more important things to do . "
SORRY THIS COMIC GO DERAILED " I AM HAVING PROBLEMS WITH MY iDEVICES "
HEY T - REX WHAT ? S THE AWESOMEST THING YOU CAN IMAGINE
Batman !
No wait , Batman riding a pterodactyl !
No wait , Batman riding a pterodactyl , and the pterodactyl has eyes that shoot lasers !
NO WAIT , Batman riding a pterodactyl , and the pterodactyl has laser eyes and . . . hands that reverse entropy ?
NO WAIT ! Batman , pterodactyl , laser eyes on BOTH , entropy - reversing hands AND the ability to control all energy at the micro and macro levels .
That , PLUS time travel !
Plus , PLUS , alternate universe sliding !
PLUS all the powers Magneto has , INCLUDING the electricity - mastering powers he should ALREADY HAVE if he controls magnetism .
I know , right ? ? Has nobody told him ? THEY ? RE THE SAME FUNDAMENTAL FORCE . Though , to be fair , I can kinda see why nobody ? s told him .
ANYWAY YOU GUYS KNOW YOU ? RE DESCRIBING ME RIGHT
Dude , I have seen zero paintings where you have laser eyes !
LASERS ARE INVISIBLE IF THERE ? S NO DUST IN THE AIR TO REFLECT THEM
. . .
whooooaaahh
HOW TO WRITE ROMANCE STORIES
Romance is a genre just like any other ! You just need to know which genre points to hit , and then it's smooooth sailing .
And YES , I know that was a metaphor I should ; ve saved for " How To Write Stories With Boats In Them " !
In a romance story , you just need to have some love ! It's tricky though : that's how they get you . It can't be love between a woman and her personal electronic devices ! If you put this in your editor will say " this is just 250 pages of a woman becoming increasingly satisfied with her new TV , and you should just give up writing fiction and starting writing for TV companies " .
Can it be love a woman feels for managing her time effectively ?
No , that was the next thing I tried !
Among the things I'm told are NOT romance stories are : love between man and sandwich , love betwixt woman and man AND sandwich , and a review of the food at this really romantic restaurant . It has to be two people who like each other , and THAT'S IT .
Can they at least be dogs ?
Lemme check .
SOON :
Sir , we are happy to accept " The Lady In Fur : Claws for Dismissal " for publication .
Utahraptor ! ! Utahraptor , guess what ?
They can be dogs ! !
HOW TO WRITE STORIES WITH BOATS IN THEM
Aw , damn it .
Okay ! First off , put all your characters in a boat RIGHT AWAY .
This will prevent you from writing yourself into a corner , where for example all your characters are in a desert shack when you need your boat to appear , which will then save you several chapters of your characters agreeing that when that boat rammed through the wall they all thought it made sense , and any third parties who heard tell of this and disagreed were simply not considering the matter closely enough .
Okay , my characters are boat - borne ! But how do I DESCRIBE the boat ?
It can be tricky !
Words to include are " floating " , " seaworthy " , and " boat - esque " . Those to avoid include " winged " , " like a tub , from a bathroom , but big , and extremely specialized " and " if you can imagine a toy boat , but larger , or maybe if you imagined a toy boat with toy people on it first , and then make THAT larger " .
CONGRATULATIONS , YOU NOW HAVE NO EXCUSES NOT TO HAVE BOATS IN EVERY STORY YOU WRITE
Writing's hard , huh ?
Um , not anymore ! !
Are you thinking of having children ? I mean , sure , you probably think of having a lot of things , but is one of those children ? ?
THINGS TO CONSIDER BEFORE HAVING CHILDREN
Look at your cell phone . Is it 18 years old ? Because that's how long you're legally responsible for children ! If you can imagine loving the exact same phone for the next TWO DECADES - EVEN IF YOUR PHONE BEGAN LITERALLY PRODUCING FECES , REQUIRING YOU TO CARRY AND CHANGE ITS DIAPERS - then you maybe are ready to have kids .
And hey , does your phone have a cracked screen ?
Nice going , potential future parent !
You managed to break material SPECIFICALLY DESIGNED to be as strong as possible , and you did it by ACCIDENT . Would you trust yourself with a baby ? Would ANYONE ?
Wait , WAIT . Is the only reason you're having kids because your friends won't let you borrow theirs anymore ? ?
" I want a cell phone contract that lasts 18 years and which requires me to feed and clothe a pooping phone . It will bring me deep satisfaction to watch that phone get older and older and older "
[ ] YES : I am ready to have kids ! !
[ ] NO , and uh , maybe on second thought let's NOT have unprotected intercourse
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ SIGNATURE
One spooky Hallowe'en night Robyn was digging in her back yard when she uncovered . . . A HUMAN SKULL . And unlike most skulls , this one began gushing blood from its eye sockets and was constantly , breathlessly screaming the second it was exposed to air .
A TALE OF TERROR
" Weiiiiiird , " Robyn said , cradling the skull in her arms !
Robyn obviously had the screaming skull's blood tested . It turned out to be fresh , disease - free Type O negative blood : the universal donor ! Like that , the world's blood banks would never be empty again .
But where does the blood come from ?
That IS the question !
Unfortunately , it was beyond Robyn's ability to ascertain .
Aw dang .
However , she COULD ascertain that by putting the skull above a reservoir with a turbine attached , she could generate endless supplies of energy . And it turns out her backyard was a curs ? d graveyard of the ancients , so there were tons more blood skulls to be had . They almost seemed to crawl out of the dirt on their own !
With free energy and free blood both in great supply , life from Earth spread out across the stars . THE END .
HAPPY HALLOWE'EN
Here's an inspirational thought that involves sex but not in the way you probably think :
If we go far enough back , we're all related
T - REX AND THE MOST RECENT COMMON ANCESTOR
That's right , Dromiceiomimus ! Even though we have totally spent naked times together , it turns out we're related ! WHOAH !
Dude , we're literally DIFFERENT SPECIES . Any common ancestor WE have , we probably wouldn't recognize .
Yeah , we're probably eat 'em . That's not the point !
The point is , we're all related , THEREFORE we should care for our animal friends !
Man , that only makes me more bad - ass !
Turns out I buy the drained and pre - sliced bodies of family members to put on SANDWICHES . I eat their UNFERTILIZED EGGS for BREAKFAST . My aunt keeps family members trapped in a backyard pen as a HOBBY ! !
Does she kill them herself ? !
Pfft . No , she hires a professional . and believe me . . .
. . . those family members get BUTCHERED .
OHHHH
HOW TO WRITE A JOKE
The most important part of any joke is the punchline . So come up with that first ! For example ,
" So THAT'S why penguins don't live in Australia ! ! "
Now all you need to do is make that funny through context . Tada ! DONE . Joke : created !
And yet , I'm not laughing !
That's your HOMEWORK . That part is HOMEWORK , Dromiceiomimus .
Perhaps the setup is more important than the punchline after all ?
Okay , sure , maybe !
SO : for a joke , first you need a setup . For example , " why is a raven like a writing desk ? " Then come up with a hilarious punchline and you're set !
And ? Why IS a raven like a writing desk ?
Okay , honestly , it's because they're both catastrophically terrible flavours of ice cream I invented and keep trying again thinking they'll get better but each time it's like WOW , NOPE
Robyn bought a haunted mansion on the hill , and it was haunted by several spooky ghosts : a woman in white , a man in chains , and a knight in rusted armour .
They returned ever night to haunt her for years !
Judging by their clothes , they all died centuries ago . They rattled their chains , they slammed doors , they threw plates around , but one thing they never did , Robyn noticed , is EAT . Ghosts consumed no energy , but could still haunt houses indefinitely . Robyn realized that besides being paranormal , they were paraENTROPIC : ghosts were also outside the laws of thermodynamics !
They're doing work without costing energy anywhere !
EXACTLY . Free energy , Utahraptor !
Now , Robyn's old - time ghosts refused to ride bicycles hooked up to generators , but before long she'd moved to France and rented houses belonging to deceased Tour de France champions , who took to the bicycles quite easily . And that , dear reader , is how our post - scarcity utopia was created .
I thought screaming blood skulls did that in your last story .
This one's way more sustainable . You get ghosts for free , just by dying ! !
DUDE , IT'S LITERALLY IMPOSSIBLE TO AVOID .
Are you a human ? Are you pretty chuffed about that whole scene ? PROBABLY , huh ?
Sounds like it's time for . . .
EMBARRASING THINGS ABOUT HUMANITY
You know how humans give birth ? It's not the no big - deal , non - event of layin' a couple eggs before going into work like we do . It's actually INCREDIBLY PAINFUL and usually has TEAMS of medical professionals involved . It's almost like having a GIANT BABY and bringing it to term inside your OWN ACTUALY BODY is a super bad idea ? ?
Hey , how are those giant brains working out for you guys ?
Can we talk about Easter Island ?
Oh , we can talk about Easter Island !
Humans put their own self - interest above the interest of the ENTIRE ECOSYSTEM , even if that means EVERYBODY DIES . They call it " the tragedy of the commons " .
You mean " the human tragedy of the human commons " .
They don't call it that ! They assume everyone else is just like them !
Hey , you know what humanity's earliest surviving playable recorded sound is ? A man counting to twelve . AND HE MESSES UP . HE MESSES UP COUNTING TO TWELVE .
Take your time humanity ! I'm sure you li'l champs will get it right eventually !
MAN people have been debating this for way too long . So let's solve this once and for all !
Hey everyone ! What's the best song ? ?
Okay , which genre are we talking about here ?
ALL GENRES . Let's come up with the song that is OBJECTIVELY BEST across ALL TIMELINES . None of the standard " this succeeds as a classical aria but largely fails as a dubstep anthem " . BEST EVER .
Why not just ask what the best " art " is ?
WHY NOT ? Who indeed made an art that is the best ? ?
How are we judging these disparate forms of art ?
Uh , OBJECTIVE CRITERIA OF GREATNESS ? ?
And you're about to say that there ARE no objective criteria for art , but you're forgetting that's a baby answer you give to babies . If art can be objectively bad , it can be objectively good . Are you prepared to say art can't be bad ?
YES . As Shakespeare said , " beauty is in the eye of the beholder " .
SOON :
Behold , my art ! I wrote " art " on a blank canvas and glued some screenshots of my favourite emoji around it ! ! My pal Utahraptor likes it ! !
YOU ARE WRONG
BUT ALSO VERY FLATTERING AND WE SHOULD GET DRINKS AFTER THIS
Sweeeeet
Sweeeet
Aw dang , no !
No , NO
I've decided to become the sort of person who says " you know who " in conversation .
Figured I'd be a little more like our mutual friend , you know who !
Why stop there , T - Rex ? There's also " you know what " , " you know how " , and " you know when " .
I like what you're saying , Dromiceiomimus ! I'll be over to you know where at you know when to discuss , this , you know , more !
The Pizza Hole tonight five minutes before their " fill any hole with pizza for $ 10 " promotion ends , got it .
FIVE MONTHS LATER :
Alright , see you know where because you know why !
I don't , T - Rex !
MONTHS of innuendo and implications have left me without any meaningful context . I no longer know who , what , why , where , when , OR how .
Aw , I'm sorry ! I meant I'll see you at Pizza Hole because the " fill your holes " promo is ending and this is our last chance to get our holes filled !
SOON :
I filled too many holes
If you prick us do we not bleed ? If you tickle us do we not laugh ? If you poison us do we not die ? And if you deny our friend request shall we not be all passive - aggressive about that ?
FACEBOOK SHAKESPEARE
Like if you agree ! !
All the world's a social network , and all the men and women merely potential friends .
So true , Facebook Shakespeare !
They have their signup dates and friend lists ; and one man in his time joins many networks , though of course Facebook is the best .
I'm beginning to doubt your impartiality , Facebook Shakespeare !
To thine own profile be true , Utahraptor !
Can do , Facebook Shakespeare !
'Tis better to have been friended and unfriended , than never to have been friended at all !
Wait a second , WAIT A SECOND . That's not Shakespeare , that's Tennyson ! ! Facebook Shakespeare , are you actually a GIANT FRAUD ? ?
* gasp *
Facebook Shakespeare is embarrassed and has deleted his profile ! !
Okay !
Facebook Shakespeare is back as " LOL ! ! Mega Geeky Facebook Status Updates Your Followers Will Be SURE To Share ! "
Oh god
HOW TO BE MANLY
Wrestling a bear !
No wait !
Winning at wrestling a bear ! !
Winning at wrestling a bear WHILE showing off secondary sexual characteristics that are related to the male sex , such as a greater muscle mass around the front of the femur and a higher hip - to - waist ratio than prepubescent males and females AND adult females , on average !
SO HOT
I know , right ? There's no mistaking that THIS person is biologically male !
What about winning at wrestling a bear WHILE WASTING FOOD ?
OMG
Winning at wrestling a bear while wasting food , having good femur muscles , AND making out with another man ?
YES . OMG . THIS GUY IS SO MANLY THAT OTHER MEN WANT TO BE MEN WITH HIM . AHH I CAN'T EVEN DEAL .
CONGRATULATIONS
YOU ARE NOW MANLY AND HAVE A PET BEAR AND A COMMITTED RELATIONSHIP
SIR , NOTHING CAN STOP YOU NOW
Contractions ! They're useful when we want to say " do not " but don't have time to say EVERY SOUND in our sentence because we're all SUCH BUSY PEOPLE , so instead we say " don't " .
And if you ask me it's high time for some NEW CONTRACTIONS !
I say " Let's order a pizza " frequently enough - AND I'M NOT ALONE - that I propose we start saying " let's'o'pizza " , pronounced " let's - o - pizza " ! It has the added benefit of sounding like you're putting on a cartoon Italian accent !
Yes ! " Benefit " .
Let's'o'pizza and talk this over , Dromiceiomimus ! !
Hey , can we shorten " it " ? I use it all the time and I'm looking to speed things up .
We already do , dude .
" 'Twas " and " 'Tis " ! Short for " it was " and " it is " . Anything that starts with " it " you can contract , and 'twill sound great !
'Thappens to sound weird .
'Tsounds good to me , and , AND , the world will be MUCH IMPROVED if we bring it back .

Oh my god , Becky , look at her butt . 'Tis so big ! !
SEE ? SEE , THIS IS WHAT I WAS TALKING ABOUT SEVERAL DAYS AGO ! !
Time to visit my good friend , Mr . Tusks . He's an elephant with island dwarfism and a he's the vice - mayor of Tiny Towne . He's a LITTLE bit awesome .
And OBVIOUSLY I always summarize my friends while walking over to their house !
I don't just TALK about his size ! I also make a SMALL number of puns based on his size !
? Wait , holy crap , that is a TINY bit size racist ! !
T - Rex , are you truly a size - racist ?
I - I don't know ?
I mean , I'm making the jokes in good spirit , and some of my best friends are wee and OH MY GOSH that's something a size - racist would say isn't it ? ?
T - Rex , you may have size - racisms and you should address that in yourself right away ! !

I'm taking a course to be less size - racist , Mr . Tusks ! It's in a small community center . It's a mini school . A minuscule mini school .
?
Popularity ! Everyone wants it , because that means a lot of people like you so obviously you get to feel better about yourself . But how do you GET popular ? Good think I'm here with . . .
HOW TO BE MORE POPULAR
. . . that thing it says there !
REALLY , popularity is just the state of having lots of friends . If you wants lots of STRANGERS to like you , you're looking for fame , no popularity . How To Be Famous is in the room down the hall , and you'll recognize it because it's full of non - famous wannabes , OH SNAP .
Unlike THEM , we seek a true interpersonal connection ! !
So what's the secret ?
TIME MANAGEMENT , yo !
Emails , texts , activities : all maintain friendships , ALL REQUIRE TIME . If at all possible , try being idly rich so you can dedicate yourself full - time to having lots of great pals !
That sounds like a really satisfying way to live your life .
SERIOUSLY , right ? ?
You know : they say money doesn't buy happiness , but I don't think they're trying hard enough .
Also , HONESTLY , I don't think they've ever tried being poor ? ?
Sex !
It's - kinda weird ?
I'm not alone in thinking this , right ? It's kinda weird , right ? It's like , whoaoh , what are we even doing ? What are we EVEN DOING with our BODIES ? ?
Using them to continue our respective species ?
Hah , that's only if you don't use birth control ! If every time I had sex a baby came out , I would have SIGNIFICANTLY more babies , Dromiceiomimus . I don't wanna brag , but I'd have , like , over FIVE babies .
Hahah , five babies ?
OVER five babies ! OVER five babies , dude ! !
Hah hah hah ! I've had so much more sex than you !
HAVING SEX ISN'T A COMPETITION AND EVEN IF IT WAS , I SAID * OVER * FIVE BABIES ! ! OVER FIVE ! THERE ARE LIKE A ZILLION NUMBERS GREATER THAN FIVE , DUDE ! !

Whatever , there's no shame in perfecting it on my fifth try while everyone else is still stuck muddling through the same thing .
I'M RETIRING AS A CHAMP
SUCKAS
I like to judge a person based on who they are , not on whatever rumours I hear about them !
It's a little thing called " NOT HAVING PREJUDICE ? ? "
Then you'll love Sam ! She restarts her computer every time some software tells her to , AND she collects browser toolbars because they're " fun " and " free , so what's your problem " .
Oh ! And she saves every file to her desktop , and they're not even snapped to a grid , they're in a big pile that she rifles through with her mouse whenever she wants to find something .
Fine , so she's bad at computers . WE CAN STILL BE FRIENDS .
Sure ! !
Incidentally , do you like it when people double - dip chips ? And the second dip is actually off the dip that's on YOUR chip that's already on its way to and even partially inside your mouth ? And before you answer let me say TOO LATE because I'm already introducing you to Sam ? ?
Dear diary : the rumours about Sam were true , but on the other hand , I kiiiiiinda discovered a new fetish ! !
PRETTY GOOD DAY , DIARY
PRET - TY GOOD DAY
Water is weird because most things get smaller when you freeze them , but water gets larger ! Ice is actually less dord than water !
DORD
Oh , hi there . You probably noticed me using the word " dord " just now . If you look it up in the dictionary , you'll find it means " density " - assuming of course you have one of the printings of Webster's Dictionary from before it was caught ! It was supposed to explain that " D or d " were short for " density " , but SOMEONE got confused and made it a word instead .
Well why can't " dord " mean density ?
Exactly ! It's not like anyone else is using it !
And before anyone cries " boo hoo hoo dictionaries reflect language and shouldn't be creating it " , let me just say I'M using " dord " to mean density RIGHT NOW , and if you join me , we can create the improved dictionaries we deserve . Not just for us : for our CHILDREN .
Our dord , dord children .
PS : I've already redefined " dord " to mean " stupid and / or dumb , especially a sucky person " because it's more useful that way .
Peace out , dords ! !
Nooooooo
If you think you're about to die , you see your life flash before your eyes . But not all of it !
Only the MISTAKES !
Then , if you survive , you're like " bro , dang , in what might've seemed like a second to you I spent a subjective 30 years reliving every single mistake I ever made , and it wasn't ONLY the mistakes I knew about : I also saw how things I thought were my successes were but new , more nuanced types of errors . "
And your bro is like " woah bro " .
And you're like " how can I continue after this ? I am broken . "
And your bro is like " frig bro I dunno . "
And you're like " all I have done I failure . " and your bro is like " bro surely even your mistakes have value : the alternative is to make no decisions , which itself could be a mistake , so this at least gives you agency and you're like good point bro , I will no longer embrace a nihilistic death of self . "
And your bro is like " bro , no problem , the world can be thoughtlessly cruel and all we have is the comfort we can give each other . "
T - REX I JUST ASKED YOU HOW THINGS WERE GOING
WHAT
WHAT IS THIS
They say the best authors write what they know ! NOT A PROBLEM . I know all sorts of things !
Except who " they " are in any precise way but oh well ! !
OBSERVE : " The writer , me , was sexy . I look to the left : a mirror . I'm in it . Still crazy hot , obvs . I look ahead and see the words I'm writing : 'The writer , me , was sexy . ' " .
T - Rex , have you considered other hobbies ? Perhaps hobbies that don't need your friends as a test audience ?
Because I was just wondering if you've considered other hobbies that don't need your friends as a test audience
Don't write about what you're doing ! Write about things you EXPERIENCED . Universal themes , you know ?
Such as ?
Falling in love , that sort of thing !
Pfft , LOVE . There are precisely zillions of stories about love . The world wants something new , not ANOTHER story about two chuckleheads who don't like each other but then later on , GUESS WHAT SURPRISE they totally do !
LATER , REVIEWS OF T - REX'S BOOK SAY IT'S TERRIBLE :
Huh ! I guess that's what I get for being born on a planet where EVERYONE ELSE IS 100 % WRONG 100 % OF THE TIME ? ?
FRIGGIN' EARTH , AM I RIGHT
Sherlock Holmes stroked his chin thoughtfully , his fingers intertwining in the hair . . . of his GOATEE .
" I deduce we have slipped into an alternate universe ! " he said , detectively !
Watson nodded , carefully extricating his fingers from his own goatee . " A whole new universe for us to do crimes in , " he said , " for as you know , we are both the Twin Napoleons of Crime , with you committing the most ingenious acts of criminality and deduction while I record them in a series of letters used primarily to taunt our victims " .
" Geez tell the whole world why don't you " , said Sherlock .
" Yes , please do ! " said Good Sherlock , as he leapt out of the shadows !
With Good Watson ! YES .
These four titans of deduction quickly deduced any fight between them would be a stalemate . And they also couldn't help deducing that they were each brilliant , confident , athletic men .
I - Okay ?
They soon deduced their duplicates would understand them . . . FEEL them in a way no other man ever could .
Utahraptor ! Are you turning my story into M / M fanfic ? ?
Fact : I am a ghost !
FACT : THAT IS A STONE COLD LIE
Fact : Only temporarily , dude !
Right now I'm not a ghost , sure , but my lifetime is but a BLIP in the lifetime of the universe ! And once I die , I'll be a ghost FOREVER , so the sentence " T - Rex is a ghost " is MORE accurate , on average , when taken across the entire lifespan of the universe . Especially when compared to the sentence " T - Rex is alive and definitely not a ghost right now . "
We're going for MOST TRUTH across all of space time ?
Hells yeah !
Well , you becoming a ghost isn't a guarantee . More accurate is the sentence " T - Rex is dead " , no ?
Actually , MOST accurate is " T - Rex does not exist " because that works before I was born too !
" The difference between a universe with T - Rex and one without is negligible "
OH NO
Are you making the best use of your time ?
Yep ! !
No , wait , scratch that .
100 % DEFINITELY NOT .
The best use of my time would be if I'm using every single moment to its fullest potential , right ? And we live in a universe wherein our past decisions affect what we get ( THANKS A LOT REALITY ) so even blowing a single moment fifteen years ago could make my present suboptimal .
Put it another way : If every decision creates zillions of alternate timelines , what are the odds that I'm in the # 1 best one ? ?
Sherlock Holmes adjusted a few gears , tightened a few springs , then brushed off his hands . He'd finally completed his greatest invention yet . . .
H . O . L . M . E . S . , the crime solving robot !
" It's short for Holmes's Outstandingly Leggy Mystery - Explaining Simulacrum , " he explained to Watson . " It's a robot self that I gave nice legs to , and also programmed with all my knowledge so now I can solve crimes 24 / 7 . " The robot stood before Watson , a voice issuing from deep within the machine . " WHEN I HAVE DELETED THE IMPOSSIBLE WHATEVER REMAINS HOWEVER IMPROBABLE MUST BE THE TRUTH . "
" Neato , " said Watson .
Holmes directed the robot to the city , then went inside to nap !
Sherlock would never do that ! !
The dude freebases a 7 % solution of cocaine when he's bored ; he NEEDS mysteries to live . So why would he ever build a robot to solve them for him ? ?
Um , because his first robot , S . H . E . R . L . O . C . K . , was currently TERRORIZING LONDON ? ?
Short for " Sexy Hoodlum Enacting Robbery , Larceny , Other Crimes , and Killing " !
Why are all Sherlock's robots sexy ? ?
Oh .
I think it's mostly their legs
Apparently some people have trouble with being an adult ?
Hah hah , not me though ! !
TIPS ON BEING AN ADULT
Okay honestly I don't know how you need help with this . It's the easiest thing in the world , ESPECIALLY since aging happens automatically to everything that fails to die . Just wait around and you'll become an adult eventually , people ! Congratulations , you are now adult ! You are being an adult now , and we're done here .
SHEESH
I was hoping for more " how to live a deep , fulfilling life in a world you feel lost in " !
oh ! OH .
Geez , well . I got no tips on that . I mean , I've tried video games ; they're pretty good . When you beat a video game it's PRETTY fulfilling .
So your tip for " how to live as an adult " is " play more video games " .
Yes ! But you have to be good at them too .
If you are an adult who is bad at video game , then I don't know what to tell you .
. . .
. . . Some people have kids ? ?
One day Peta Parka was bitten by a radioactive mite and gained mite - like powers .
I need not remind everyone that mites are similar but LEGALLY DISTINCT from spiders !
She decided to fight crime as Mite - y Woman , but unbeknownst to her Doctor Septo Septavius was working with three mind - controlled robot arms when there was some radiation there too , and that mess got fused to her body . This gave her seven limbs total , so she started on the supply side of crime as Doctor Starfish ! Because certain breeds of starfish have seven limbs !
Ah .
What amazing , novel and free - from - the - encumbrances - of - copyright characters !
I KNOW
But is there any particular reason why someone would want to read about " Peta Parka " and " Doctor Septavius " when they could read ACTUAL comics and get characters that are figuratively and in some cases LITERALLY one better than yours ? ?
YES . And I'll tell you why . . .
My characters kiss on each other , like , ALL the time
Have you written 10 pages of a 15 - page essay and you're KINDA DONE WRITING FOR NOW ? Don't worry . Lucky for you you took a break and came to me and now you're gonna learn yourself something called
HOW TO MAKE ANY ESSAY YOU'RE WRITING LONGER
Don't even mess with " bigger line height " or that other amateur - hour garbage . Do it like the pros do : by copying and pasting your first few pages into the middle , prefaced by " For those of you just joining us , " and concluded by , " And now , the conclusion . . . " .
But what if that was obviously the first thing I did and I'm still short ?
Then it's time to break out the BIG GUNS .
Prefacing random sentences with selected semantically - empty interest phrases ?
YOU KNOW IT !
Adding " Interestingly enough " , " Trust me when I say " , and " Though some initial reporting suggested differently , in the fullness of time it soon became clear that " before any sentence EASILY punches up that word count !
And don't forget adding a few " . . . or so it appeared " s after your sentence too !
Thank you all for coming . By now you are familiar with the " Frosty " snow golem and his rampage here and there , all around the square .
Our belief , based on the traffic cop's testimony , was that an " old silk hat " was responsible !
We were wrong . The [ redacted ] protocol has confirmed our worst fears : while " Frosty " 's MOVEMENT was exceptional and initiated by the " old silk hat " ( case file # 4523 ) , his sentience was not . To be perfectly clear , Agents : while they live and die fully immobile , each and every snow man , woman , and child is a living , sentient creature .
And they have been surveilling us for generations .
They stand outside our homes , businesses , and critical infrastructure with their frozen eyes , watching us even as they melt .
We don't know how - or where - they report their findings . All we DO know is our children have been . . . modified by them . Experiments show even children raised in tropical climates spontaneously begin manifesting golems when exposed to snow . They say it's " fun " .
Even adults are not immune .
Every culture on Earth that has snow builds these creatures , and we never wondered why . We were fools . Blind , damned fools .
Anyway your new mission is to lie about how rad Earth's defences are to any snowman you encounter . Dismissed !
Shortly after you're born THINGS start pushing their way out of your face . You can't stop or control them . Your parents can cut them free in horror but more will keep coming because they've ROOTED inside you , deep within your skin .
If this sounds familiar , you may already be a human !
It's not just the top of their faces , T - Rex . They have it on the edge of their EYELIDS . Some CULTIVATE it around their MOUTHS . Their mouths !
Organic matter that they can't kill because IT'S ALREADY DEAD is secreting out of their bodies , and you know what their response is ? They STYLE IT . They say , " oh neat , this dead stuff that INVOLUNTARILY PUSHED ITS WAY OUT OF MY HEAD would look really neato in a bun . "
It's like always - on slow - motion Play - Doh Fun Factories , ALL OVER THEIR BODIES .
Sometimes they can stop it !
Some humans develop " baldness " , which prevents protein filaments from forcing themselves out of at least PARTS of their head .
Oh , what blessed relief .
But they can still emit from backs and knuckles and armpits and legs and necks and toes .
AHHHHHH
" I wish the straight snake - like excretions coming out of MY body were more like your curly ones . One day I will spend ACTUAL MONEY on ones that other humans cut off of their bodies and wear them on top of my head like a hat " - - HUMANS ? ?
Hello and welcome to Super - Fan , the # 1 talk show for fans of Superman !
Today we're talking about Superman's Pal Jimmy Olsen !
Here is a man who is known primarily in relation to another person . He's not " Star Reporter Jimmy Olsen " or " Enthusiastic And Inventive Lover Jimmy Olsen " ; his main claim to fame is being another more successful guy's friend . How does that make him feel ? What does he think about when he's lying awake in bed at 3 in the morning ? ?
Probably how awesome it is that Superman's his friend ?
PROBABLY , yeah ! !
Dude has ZERO PROBLEMS anymore . Car stuck in a ditch ? Hey let me call my friend , A LITERAL SUPER MAN . Being mugged ? Wow if only there was some kind of GOD - LIKE SPACE ALIEN I could call to help out !
Perhaps via some sort of SIGNALLING WATCH ? One which I'm LITERALLY ALWAYS WEARING ? ? JIMMY OUT , FOOLS .
In conclusion , I've never read any of the Jimmy Olsen comics , but if they don't each end with him saying " Jimmy out , fools " then our culture still has a long way to go before perfection .
THANKS FOR LISTENING TO MY PODCAST , EVERYONE !
IT'S REAL SHORT
One day Peta Parka II - the daughter of my original character Peta Parka - was bitten by a radioactive . . .
. . . wait for it . . .
. . . WAIT FOR IT . . .
DINOSAUR ! !
Peta Parka II was a human , but thanks to the bite she INSTANTLY gained the proportional speed and strength of a dinosaur ! However , the dinosaur that chomped her was way larger than she was - 6 . 8 metric tons to her 70 kilos , so she ended up with but a tiny fraction of its speed and power . Like , 1 % of it . BECAUSE THAT " S HOW PROPORTIONALITY WORKS .
So her jaws were surging with 1 % of its power and might ?
1 . 029 percent , to be precise ! !
I mean , once she recovered from the dinosaur bite , that is . It took a while ; dinosaurs don't mess around .
Ah .
Yeah , it was touch and go for a bit . But she pulled through ! !
Oh , and I forgot to mention the best part ! She also lost some of her some of her MAMMALIAN WEAKNESSES , like giving birth to live young . Eggs with protobabies inside come out of her now ! !
Huh .
As in , " Huh , T - Rex fixed humans ? " I AGREE ! !
You know what we do in photos ? SMILE .
You know what everyone knows we're doing just because it's a photo ? SMILING .
So maybe it's time we drop the act , huh ? When someone whips out a camera , instead of smiling , give it that " oh wow you just whipped out a camera " look .
The thousand - yard - dead - eye stare ?
PRECISELY .
But we're the few children of history who GET to smile in our visual records !
Huh ?
Early photography took SO LONG that everyone's dour resting face was the norm ! And painting's even longer . Past generations WANTED to look cool and good but had to settle for an eternity of " wow what's THEIR problem ? ? " . So we should smile , not just for us , but for all who came before us and couldn't ! !
LATER :
Say " cheese " !
I'm smiling not NECESSARILY because I'm happy but because I've been convinced my ancestors would want me to ! !
Whoah
That's the worst failure at saying the word " cheese " that I've ever personally witnessed .
You know what everyone does ALL THE TIME , but none of us talk about ? JUDGING OTHERS . But now we can talk about it , through the magic of " euphemisms " !
FROM NOW ON , " judging others " will be known as " J . O . " , or " J - ing O " !
And I'm through feeling ashamed about it ! I don't care who knows it : I myself J . O . on the regular ! !
Hah ! How regular ?
Frig man , who's counting ? Several times a day , easy . There's days I've done it before I even get out of bed !
Man , I hear that
You ever . . . J . O . in public ? ?
I mean , I prefer not to get caught , but sure !
And I WILL ADMIT that , as a technique to keep my road rage to a minimum , YES , I have J - ed some Os while driving .
How many Os ?
Back to back really . These Os aren't gonna J themselves , you know ? No Os left unJ - ed over here .
OH , REAL MATURE EVERYONE
Time travel is a great resource to have because you can travel to the future , take inventions , and " invent " them yourself in the present !
Free technology !
HOWEVER , it kinda breaks down for the past . You can't go back in time and get Michelangelo to paint different ceilings , because then you've changed the future and you might not exist anymore , womp womp . So : time travel good for future tech , bad for new works from the past greats .
You have a solution ?
Obviously I do ! It only took a little . . . TIME ? ?
PARALLEL UNIVERSES . Travel there and THEN go back in time , and you can mess things up as much as you want , PLUS you can give Shakey a push in another direction then you get NEW SHAKESPEARE PLAYS written at the peak of his powers . It's an infinite , inexhaustible resource of brilliant art !
Tell your friends ! I'm giving away these PRIME TIPS so that when time travel IS invented , everyone knows the first person to come back in time and get even primer ideas from ! !
IT'S ME , I'M GREAT , LET ALL POSSIBLE HISTORIES RECORD THAT I THINK ABOUT THIS STUFF ALL THE TIME
An ageless elder god slumbers in the Arctic , sole remnant of a long - dead , unknowable race . His body is not of flesh and blood , but of bones , teeth , and cartilage , barely contained in a straining red and white suit : a shambling parody of life .
CASE 1023
" SANTA "
For millennia His mind has reached out from the Arctic , shaping our dreams , twisting our perceptions until the only image anyone can retain when not directly looking at Him is the implanted memory of a smiling , jolly old man .
Every year He awakens from his frozen slumber . Every year He comes to us all .
Every year we try to stop Him and every year we fail .
Agents , you will know Him by His gifts left behind .
All are illusions .
Their horrifying true nature is incomprehensible , our gibbering madness instantly subsumed by happy memories of toys and chocolate the second we look away . Estimates put 10 % of all consumer goods in the world as being His .
We CLOTHE OURSELVES in them . We EAT them . We share them with our KIDS .
Specially - drugged Agents have retained glimpses of the true nature of His gifts , but at the cost of shattering their sanity beyond any recovery . WHAT PRESENTS DOES HE BRING US ? ?
I suppose we'll all briefly find out tonight . Happy holidays , Agents , and a very merry Christmas ! !
Okay , so APPARENTLY a singular , gender - neutral " they " has a long and proud history .
APPARENTLY , even Willy T . Shakespeare used " they " this way !
And APPARENTLY , I'm not unarguably in the right when I say that " they " is always plural . FINE . Everyone makes mistakes ; I suppose it's fair that I'd FINALLY get my very first turn at bat . But that doesn't mean English is getting off scot free ! We still need an UNCONTENTIOUS gender - neutral pronoun .
What happened to " thon " ?
In a shouted sentence ?
THON NOT KNOW WHY NOBODY LIKE THON
There are still some other alternatives you haven't considered , T - Rex !
Such as ?
How about " yo " ? As in , " Yo doesn't know what yo thinks about this . " Or " bitches " , as in " Bitches didn't derive that function properly " . Men can be bitches !
Man . Men CAN be bitches .
Bitches don't even know .
Bitches is singular now , tell bitches
Try leaving a laptop running in your bed a few hours before bedtime ! There'll be a warms spot when you move it , as if a loved one had been sleeping and just briefly stepped out before you arrived !
GEAR GUIDE
WITH A DEPRESSED T - REX
There ` s tons of great chat apps available for your e - reader , phone , tablet or phablet ! Be sure to use one with " chatbots " : the latest artificial intelligences designed fool to you into thinking they're a real person ! These " chatbots " will talk to you about anything you want for as long as you'd like . Who needs friends anyway ? ?
Speaking of e - readers , be sure to load them up with lots of free ebooks !
Yes !
Many of the classics are out of copyright , and there's more free ebooks coming out every day .
Fun fact : you could read every day all day for your entire life and NEVER catch up !
In a very real way , there's no point to it
For more tech tips , go to Google and type in " tech tips " ! There's literally millions of them .
" sigh "
People STILL think " For sale : baby shoes , never worn " is the saddest six word story ! This is OJBECTIVELY FALSE ( " Everyone just pretends to like you " is even SADDER ) ( AND TRUE , OH SNAP ) , but six words is straight - up amateur hour .
I can do the saddest FIVE word story : " For sale : baby shoes , unworn " !
Tada ! !
Not bad , not bad . But the mettle of any true writer is measured by a sad story in a mere FOUR words .
Pfft . " Sale : unworn baby shoes " . DONE . And before you ask for three words , may I just say . . .
" For sale : BABY . "
SO SAD ! They're selling the baby because they need the money and babies are expensive ! !
Ah .
But let's cut to the chase : can you do a sad TWO - WORD story ?
No problem : " Baby sale " . Or , for the shoes : " Debabyfied Minishoes " .
Amazing ! But now I must give you your ULTIMATE CHALLENGE : the saddest ONE - WORD story ! !
Watch as I invoke the sale of two ( duo ) new ( neo ) pre - baby ( pronatal ) artificial ( pseudo ) feet enclosements ( circumpod or pedi ) ! In other words , or rather , word : DUONEOPRONATALPSEUDOCIRCUMPEDISALE .
And YES , if I had a mic on me , I'd be dropping it SO HARD RIGHT NOW , PEACE
You could say WE were clever and domesticated wolves into dogs , or you could say WOLVES were the smart ones , exploiting US to protect and care for them from birth to death ! In other words , bend the dominant species on the planet to your will . . .
. . . and make them think it's their idea !
And if WOLVES have been taking advantage of us for thousands of years , it raises the question : who ELSE is ? Which someone OR SOMEONES has been subtly influencing our behaviour on a planetary scale for generations ? ?
Look at it logically , T - Rex : what planetary effects have we been responsible for , and who stands to benefit ?
Our industry IS causing global climate change !
Right ! Increased temperature , rising sea levels , and - OH GOD .
RISING SEA LEVELS . I was gonna make a joke about aliens from Venus terraforming our atmosphere , but there COULD be a dark intelligence stirring at the bottom of the ocean . Awakening .
Something tired of land dwellers .
Something hungering for more space . More ocean .
T - REX THERE'S ENOUGH CLIMATE CHANGE DENIERS ALREADY DO WE REALLY NEED TO BRING ANCIENT SEABORN MALEVOLENT INTELLIGENCES INTO IT
OH MY GOD
THEY GOT TO YOU TOO ? ?
Lets say you're an ancient seaborne intelligence who can alter mortal minds and hates other life and wants to raise sea levels so that it can drown the Earth . What do you do ? I'll tell you what to do : you take over one man's mind and use him as a pawn ! !
You make this ONE MAN do your bidding , changing the climate as effectively as possible !
But let's be scientific about this : if my " ghastly underwater mind " theory is true , then we should be able to go back in time and find one man - one single person - who seemed hellbent on destroying the planet . And do we ? HECK YES WE DO . One Thomas Midgley , Jr . The man synthesized Freon , aka the first CFC . Remember them ? The chemicals responsible for DEPLETING THE FRIGGIN' OZONE ? ?
But SOMEONE had to invent CFCs , right ?
If that's where he stopped , I'd agree with you !
But Thomas also invented LEADED GASOLINE . The dude dumped NEUROTOXINS into GASOLINE , and ignored it when his staff became plagued with INSANITY . From LEAD - POISONING . You know , before they DIED . Yeah , that DEFINITELY doesn't sound like the work of a hateful intelligence that despises ALL LIFE BUT ITSELF .
Thomas died only adfter ACCIDENTALLY STRANGLING HIMSELF in a system of pullies he invented . An accident ? Or the last act of his original mind , desperate to end his reign of destruction ? ? In conclusion , the oceans are terrifying and will swallow us all , the end .
How come nobody is afraid of quicksand any more ? In the 50s , everyone was afraid of getting caught in quicksand all the time !
" It's A Wonderful Life " originally featured FIVE separate quicksand scenes !
" Ben Hur " ? QUICKSAND . " 12 Angry Men " ? Originally pitched as " 12 Angry Men , Angry Because of Quicksand , They're In It " . " Some Like it Hot " was initially about quicksand temperature preferences , before receiving a relatively substantial rewrite !
But now ? NOTHING . Plus , PLUS , I can't name a single top 40 song about getting stuck in quicksand at da club .
Maube because quicksand's not a threat , yo !
Huh ?
Where are you going to find a mud puddle so deep that you can go over your head on ACCIDENT ? And even if you DID , any sand dense enough to prevent you from swimming out would be dense enough to make you float . You'd sink only until you displaced enough sand to make you buoyant , and then it's smooth sailing !
So what you're saying is , nobody cares about quicksand any more because it's no longer a threat to us because WE BEAT QUICKSAND ! !
Woo ! Our civilization is now stronger than GIANT PUDDLES ! !
SUCK IT , WET SAND
The time : 1492 . Columbus sets foot off his boat onto a a land he'd like to name " Columbustopia 2000 " but has recently been convinced to call " America " for now .
He's on what appears to be a pristine shore , a perfect scene of wilderness ! !
Of course , we all know what happened next . Once he and his men left the beach , the forest wilderness shimmered and faded , revealing its holographic nature . Columbus was about to discover the terrible secret of Earth : that America was not a continent . It was a SPACESHIP : an ancient crashed colony ship from a race of expansionist , technology - obsessed ALIENS held in suspended animation .
And he'd just woken them up .
The war with the reanimated spaceship crew was disastrous !
For native Earth life , absolutely !
Their superior tech and inhuman biological warfare techniques nearly wiped intelligent life off the planet . Disease emptied entire cities of their inhabitants , unknown futuristic weaponry killing those that remained . A brutal regime of assimilation worked to wipe out any remaining Earth culture . But . . . SOME survived !
HISTORY :
Man , it's cold out ! I wish it were warmer outside !
BE CAREFUL WHAT YOU WISH FOR T - REX
Okay ! !
Wait . . . WHY ? Are wishes REAL all of a sudden ?
Because unless someone's mass - producing magic lamps I can accidentally rub to have my wishes LITERALLY BECOME TRUE AS I SAY THEM , I think we as a people can PROBABLY stop warning each other about the proper safety around MAGICAL ARTIFACTS WHICH DO NOT ACTUALLY EXIST . Wish for whatever you want ! And let me know if you find any ACTUAL IMMORTAL GENIES WHO CAN ALTER THE FABRIC OF REALITY , but only if some random schlub asks them to .
Why is our culture spending so much energy preparing for fake ideas ? ?
Because they're fun to think about !
PERHAPS , but instead of " be careful what you wish for " wouldn't it be better to say " be careful what you eat , because atherosclerotic heart disease , the leading cause of death in the world , can be prevented through exercise , a healthy diet , and lower cholesterol levels " ? ?
OH MY GOD
LATER :
Even a broken clock is right twice a day ! And it's right even more often if " long - term exposure to particulate air pollution is linked with increased risk of cardiovasc - ular disease " is printed on its face .
. . . Okay WOW I kinda want to unfriend myself ? ?
Remember the 90s ? WELL I FOR ONE DO , and the world is not producing any more 90s hits ! The only 90s hits we've got are the only 90s hits we'll EVER HAVE .
AHHHHHHHHHHHH
T - Rex , we can - we can easily produce more 90s hits . We just need to bite that 90s style and we're set !
But those aren't TRUE 90s hits : they're fan fiction ! Such songs cannot TRULY duplicate the ineffable essential 90s - ness of an ultimate 90s hit ! Such as oh I don't know " SEMI - CHARMED LIFE " ?
Okay that's actually fine since we've invented better music now anyway
You're talking about 1890s hits ? " My Sturdy Mules Pull My Darling's Plow " and stuff ?
No ! 1990s ! !
Oh , I thought you were referring to the 1890s hits : you know , the songs that are MEGA FORGOTTEN because EVERYONE WHO LOVED THEM IS DEAD NOW ? ? Incidentally , the same fate that awaits even the BIGGEST , SHINIEST TUNE from the 1990s ? ?
Noooooooooooo
ooooooo Rain is another 90s hit I really enjoy
Often we'll set up a ship or probe so they whip around the planets ( including Earth ) , getting a sweet speed boost as they do so ! This allows us to produce ultra - velocity spacecraft , effectively for free !
GREAT IDEA , RIGHT ? ?
Except NOTHING IS FOR FREE ( in physics anyway , THANKS REALITY ) . So where's this speed coming from ? Oh , I'll tell you where it's coming from : every spacecraft we slingshot around a planet SLOWS DOWN THE ORBIT OF THAT PLANET . And it's not like we have the means to speed it up again ! !
And guess what ? We do gravitational assists with Earth ON THE REGULAR !
Plus , if we slow down Earth too much WE CRASH INTO THE SUN . Great work , SCIENTISTS ! Way to invent a DOOMSDAY DEVICE / ORBITAL TECHNIQUE !
Pfft .
We'd stop before that happened . More likely : the year gets a day longer , and we make it a holiday to celebrate ALL THE FRANKLY AWESOME SPACEFLIGHT WE'VE BEEN DOING .
Hey ! When you put it that way , I'm on board ! !
Also : we could slingshot a probe around Earth EVERY DAY for a million years and still not get that free holiday , so don't hold your breath .
Hey ! When you put it that way , I'm sad and going back to bed ! !
T - REX IF YOU SLOW DOWN THE EARTH'S ORBIT YOU GET A SHORTER YEAR NOT A LONGER YEAR NOT A SHORTER ONE
What ?
YOU SLOW DOWN A PLANET YOU SHRINK ITS ORBITAL RADIUS
Huh ? ?
IF YOU SLOW DOWN A PLANET'S ORBIT IT DOESN'T STAY IN THE SAME ORBIT
BUT RATHER THAT ORBIT GETS SMALLER
SO IF YOU SLOWED DOWN THE EARTH YOU WOULDN'T GET AN EXTRA HOLIDAY
YOU'D LOSE ONE
Utahraptor ! !
You hollered ?
You were WRONG , bro !
You tried to play off slowing down the Earth like we'd all get an extra holiday , but we're actually gonna LOSE holidays ! What are we gonna cancel , huh ? ? CHRISTMAS ? BOXING DAY ? VALENTINE'S DAY ? BOXING DAY ( OBSERVED ) ? ?
That one .
Wait , yeah , that one is obviously the one we'll dump .
AND THAT'S THE TRUE STORY OF WHY WE ONLY HAVE ONE BOXING DAY NOW .
What an amazing and true AND ALSO EXTREMELY SATISFYING tale !
" Case closed " Sherlock said , closing a case file . " That's one more mystery solved , and I say , about 5000 more experience points to add to the lot ! "
He quickly deduced his " detective senses " were now rated in the mid - billions !
Wait - by which standards are we measuring detective senses ?
Oh , um , let's say the average person has a detective sense of 1 , and a highly trained detective can develop their detective senses to . . . say , 100 ?
So Sherlock is as good as FIVE BILLION regular detectives . If Earth's ENTIRE POPULATION was DETECTIVES in 1987 , they'd equal ONE Sherlock Holmes .
He's real good , you know ?
And real boring !
You've successfully made me no longer care about Sherlock Holmes ! Now I want to hear about the PLANET SHERLOCK , where everyone's a detective , especially the babies !
And then Moriarty crash - lands there and tries to take over : the only criminal on a planet of crime - fighters ? Yes . Oh GOD yes .
LATER :
Dear audio diary : I can't write any more because everything I write is about Moriarty trying to pull a fast one on a team of Sherlock Babies !
Not a complaint , diary ! ! NOT A COMPLAINT AT ALL .
T - REX I JUST WANTED TO LET YOU KNOW SOMEONE'S MOVED INTO TOWN
Yes ?
WHOSE NAME
Yes ? ?
IS MARIO PARTEE
[ [ wordless ] ]
I am totally cool about this and have no reaction at allllLLLLLLLL I'M SORRY I CAN'T DO IT I'M SORRY BUT MARIO PARTEE YOUR NAME IS LITERALLY " MARIO PARTEE " ! !
If Mario Partee had a kid he could name it " Mario Partee 2 " .
AHHHHHH I CAN'T EVEN DEAL
Utahraptor , is it bad to be friends with someone just because of their name ?
Yep !
Okay , but is it bad to FIRST be friends because of the name , but then later become REAL friends ?
I . . . guess not ? That IS what you did with Don Kikong .
OH MY GOD , HOW DID I FORGET ABOUT DON KIKONG ? ?
HE STOPPED TALKING TO ME AFTER I REFUSED TO STOP ADDRESSING HIM BY ONLY HIS FULL NAME AT ALL TIMES
AND YET
I STILL LOVE HIM FOREVER
Looking to lose weight ? Look no more ! You've found the ultimate guide to weight loss , with . . .
T - REX'S GUIDE TO WEIGHT LOSS
To lose weight , ensure your caloric input is LESS than your caloric output for the day .
Tada !
ANY QUESTIONS ? ?
What about monounsaturated fats versus polyunsaturated fats ? And why is cholesterol still a thing ?
Um
Is " refined sugar " better or worse ? Are eggs good again or what ? Is BMI still used and if so : seriously ? Which food group sucks the least and which blows the hardest ? If I eat only green stuff , is that better than eating only white things ?
I -
WHAT ABOUT RED THINGS ? ?
Utahraptor !
Yes ?
Ummmm I just want you to know that your last two questions have TRULY BLOWN MY MIND ? ?
I am a guy who is not that great a dancer . Ummm . . .
SORRY , I GUESS ? ?
So I looked into it and it turns out beat deafness is a thing ! I could have an ACTUAL BRAIN THING that prevents me from hearing beats , which could ALSO explain several other things , including why I find it so tricky to rock a rhyme that's right on time ! !
That's tricky ?
Tricky
Tricky
Trrrrrrricky
You're not alone in this , you know !
Really ?
Yep ! Lots of animals can't detect beats either . . . including DOGS .
OH MY GOD . This only serves to bring me closer to my ultimate fantasy of BECOMING a dog ! If only there were some handy mnemonic to remember this fact ? ?
* ahem *
It's tricky to rock a rhyme , to rock a rhyme that's right on time , for doggies !
Doggies
Doggies
Doggies
Doggies
HEY
HEY YOU
YEAH YOU
THE HUMAN READING THIS COMIC
IS YOUR DATA FRIGGIN BACKED UP BECAUSE IT ISN'T IS IT
WELL BACK IT UP
YOU'RE THINKING HAH HAH MY DATA IS PERFECTLY SAFE I'M JUST GONNA KEEP READING THIS COMIC AND THERE'S DEFINITELY NO WAY MY DOCUMENTS ARE GOING TO DISAPPEAR EXACTLY FIFTEEN SECONDS FROM RIGHT
ABOUT
NOW
AND DON'T TELL ME YOU USE A CLOUD - BASED SOLUTION
THOSE CAN FAIL TOO
OR GO BANKRUPT
SO ANYWAY THIS IS ME TELLING YOU TO AT LEAST PUT YOUR IMPORTANT FILES ON A USB STICK SOMEWHERE
OKAY
GOOD
NOW LET'S SEE WHAT T - REX IS UP TO SHALL WE
Rhumba thumba , farts and shoes : I thought this boner belonged to yous !
HAH HAH HAH
AWESOME
TOTALLY WORTH IT
One day Rachel was blasted back in time a thousand years ! It was a surprise to be blasted back in time , but at least she had her phone on her . She figured with it she could be a GOD , blowing these old - timey minds !
But then she looked around and realized the past didn't have any power outlets !
So she kind of impressed a few people , but since there wasn't the larger cultural context for what she was showing them , all they understood was , BASICALLY , she had a flashlight . And Rachel realized she had to ration out turning her phone on , because soon the batteries would die . So she only showed it to kings and queens , who understood it as a " weird candle " . Kinda disappointing .
Maybe Rach should spend her time trying to generate electricity !
Oh sure ! No big deal , right ? ?
Except her phone requires a precise , sustained 150mA AC voltage and she had no idea how to generate that . So instead she threw her phone in a bog , confident that when it was discovered centuries from now it'd BLOW EVERYONE'S MIND . Then she , I don't know , farted around for a bit and died of plague .
THE END
P . S . : RACHEL'S PHONE WAS NEVER FOUND BECAUSE NOBODY WAS LOOKING AND THE EARTH IS HUGE
THERE IS NO MORAL
One day Jim clicked on a link for " 8 Things You're Doing Wrong Every Day . . . Number 6 Will Blow Your Mind " and number 6 truly did blow his mind . He shook . He wept like his soul was emptying itself of a lifetime of burden .
Jim had become the person clickbait headline writers think we ALL are !
He'd watch videos of people bringing pets on planes and literally COULD NOT BELIEVE what happened next : his opinions as to what had happened were the platonic form of scepticism : perfect , universal . He would read Eleven Facts About Cats You'll Never Forget and HE WOULD TAKE THOSE FACTS TO HIS GRAVE . His faith in humanity was being destroyed and restored on THE REGULAR .
Jim sounds awful .
He really was ! !
He had no personality of his own , no opinions , no identity beyond what some scammy website trading the stolen time of strangers for some ad money told him to have . But his suggestibility did make him EXTREMELY USEFUL as an assassin , as long as you kept him away from the internet !
Hence my new series : " I Left My Superspy Assassin Husband At Home With His License To Kill And This Happened ! I Can't Believe It ! "
Subtitled : " The Evil Dictator He Assassinated Next Will Blow Your Mind " ? ?
HEY I COULDN'T HELP BUT NOTICE YOU'RE READING OVER MY SHOULDER
What the hell , dude ! YES , YOU .
You , the dude reading this comic over someone else's shoulder ! !
It's creepy . Get your own computer .
Or book , if this comic has been collected in book form !
Maybe it's been printed out and stuck onto a fridge !
GET YOUR OWN FRIDGE , LOSER ! !
I can't believe he's still reading !
Who does that ?
THIS friggin' guy .
Yeah , this friggin' guy who doesn't know he's ACTUALLY reading over the shoulder of a CRAZED AXE MURDERER , and that this comic's gonna end by telling the axe murderer to go for it .
Go nuts , axe murderer ! This dude wants to be axe murdered so bad ! ! If he didn't , he'd stop reading riiiiight . . . now ! !
GREETINGS T - REX I LOVE CLASSIC GAMING AND I WOULD LIKE OT INQUIRE AS TO YOUR OPINION OF CLASSIC GAMING
Everyone loves classic video games !
EXCELLENT
Well , more accurately : I guess MOST people love classic video games ?
. . . Okay , a BUNCH of people like classic video games .
FINE : there exists a set of people who are like , " modern video games are good , but you know what'd make them even better ? If they were 30 years old with worse graphics . "
" I would enjoy this game much more if there was only one , or perhaps two , button ( s ) to press . "
" Modern games are too easy to understand ; I wish graphics still were little more than a cubist representation of the abstract concept of 'violence' . "
" I first encountered this aesthetic as a child and it is , therefore , object - ively cool and good "
T - REX DID YOU KNOW THAT IF YOU LOOK UP " WRONG " ON WIKIPEDIA THERE IS AN IMAGE OF YOU
OR RATHER THERE WILL BE
FOR I MUST WARN YOU I REQUIRE ONLY APPROXIMATELY TWO MINUTES TO MAKE THIS DREAM A REALITY
MAILBAG WITH T - REX
Our first letter comes from . . . Johnny the Ghost ? ? What ?
JOHNNY DIED AND BECAME A GHOST ? ?
I never said goodbye to Johnny ! I never told him how much I appreciated his friendship ! !
Well , if he's a ghost now , you can still tell him .
True , but I also never told him how glad I was that he was corporeal so that we could hug easilty ! ! EVEN THOUGH I THOUGHT THAT ALL THE TIME .
What's this about Johnny ?
He died and he's a ghost now !
Oh wow ! So life DOES continue on after death ? Let's go meet him ; I have a lot of questions bout dying . Like , does it feel cool , or is it bogus ?
" Bogus " ?
I'm bringing it back ! Come on ! Let's go find out how bogus dying is ! !
LATER , IT TURNS OUT DYING'S PRETTY BOGUS :
M a a a a a a a a a n ! !
Well THAT'S disappointing
T - REX DO YOU THINK PIXEL ART CAN EVER BE RECOGNIZED AS A TRUE VALID AND ESSENTIAL ART FORM
OR IS IT RATHER AN AESTHETIC DOOMED BY THE PREJUDICES OTHERS APPLY TO ITS ORIGINS
Yeah , it's okay !
INTERESTING
INTERESTING
I WOULD CONCEDE THAT WHILE PIXEL ART IS STILL AWAITING ITS MONA LISA OR SISTINE CHAPEL CEILING THE MEDIUM IS INCREDIBLY YOUNG
AND I FULLY EXPECT THAT WITHIN A FEW GENERATIONS WE WILL HAVE PRODUCED A SET OF ARTISTS WHOSE GENIUS RIVALS EVEN THE GREATEST MASTERS OF OLD
Sure ! I mean , it's okay !
Hey , what's okay now ?
Pixel art ! I guess .
I don't think about it that much .
Yeah , I like it . Do you think it's important to stay true to hardware limitations ( ie : using only 16 or 256 colours ) or can the style be divorced from its technological origin - and if so , does that cost it something essential ?
Um . . . probably it's one of those things you said ? ?
T - REX DID YOU KNOW THE OPINIONS OF YOUR FRIENDS ARE OBJECTIVELY BETTER THAN YOURS
Yep !
AND YOU HAVE TO LIVE WITH THAT
YEP
Some people who have weiners describe them as " a grower , not a show - er " . It's ALWAYS handy to have a rhyme to help you remember the properties of your own body AND / OR identity !
HANDY RHYMES FOR SITUATIONS
IN CASE YOU NEED THEM
If you like music but can't play an instrument , tell people you're " a hummer , not a strummer " . If you like sports but get winded and need to take breaks , remind all that you're " a sitter , not a quitter ! " If you have sex for money but people think you've been slacking off on the job , tell 'em you're " a sex worker , not a sex shirker ! "
That must come up a lot .
YOU'D BE SURPRISED
If you get naked for money but have no desire for fictional people to be dating , you're " a stripper , not a shipper ! "
These are , um . . . pretty sex - focused ?
NO REGRETS ! ! Incidentally , if people keep trying to make telephone calls using your erection , stress that you've got " a boner , not a phone - er " .
THAT'S RIGHT , WALK AWAY ! !
KEEP ACTING LIKE YOU WON'T BE THANKING ME WHEN YOU ENCOUNTER ANNOYING PEOPLE MISUSING BONERS AND HAVE THE PERFECT MOT JUSTE
DOG FACTS
There are many facts about dogs ! Here are but a few of them .
FACT : Dogs are alive . Some of them , anyway ! !
FACT : Dogs are good at smelling but not so good at seeing . They can't even see the colour red !
But red is like the # 1 easiest colour to see !
I KNOW ! ! But dogs are all " geez my body isn't built to see this dang colour , geez , I bet I could smell it though " .
Could we engineer dogs that smell colours ?
Maybe ! It's like , what do we really know about dogs ? ?
They'd need to smell light , which seems CRAZY . But not impossible ? Senses are just different ways we experience data , and you could convert light to smells , right ?
But isn't colour a quale : a private , ineffable , subjective experience that can never truly be shared ? Do dogs have qualia ? ?
DOGS
I DUNNO MAN
THEY RAISE SOME DEEP QUESTIONS
I DUNNO
You have an old hunk of plastic , and you don't want it anymore ! So you throw it away . Littering's cool to you ! Unfortunately , your garbage plastic is disc shaped such that it gathers lift when thrown with sufficient angular momentum !
FRISBEE AS SHE IS PLAYED
But one of your friends is like " Yo , I'll take that " , so they run like hell to catch it . But then they're like " Hold on , this is garbage , I don't want this either " and they toss it away too . And you're really excited - free garbage ! ! - so you run to catch it , only then you realize it's the same plastic you didn't want in the first place . Listen , I -
I think you guys might be touched in the head .
Could this task be made more , oh I don't know , XTREME ? Perhaps . . . ULTIMATE ?
In fact it can !
Throw some modified football rules on top and now large groups of people can play " Who Wants The Garbage , I Do , Wait No I Don't " .
Ah .
We all must find our own path in life , Utahraptor , and for some it's playing " no , YOU throw it out " for points .
When the hunk of plastic IS finally successfully put in the garbage , its plastic molecules will last in the ecosystem for thousands of years .
THE END
With a grin on his horribly twisted face , Professor Death activates his Death Ray , directing its powerful radiation towards the city ! !
Which was great , because his eponymous Death Ray increases overall heath and wellness !
And as we all know , people's names or what they look like obviously don't determine the kind of person they are . Professor Death was a kind and benevolent inventor , unlike CAPTAIN LIBERTY , a handsome and sexy super - awful villain who kept trying to stymie Professor Death's plans !
That's just so typical of him . God .
Captain Liberty , give it a rest .
Friggin' Cap'n Lib .
Anyway , they fight , Liberty ends up hanging off a cliff , Professor Death offers his hand , Captain Liberty refuses and falls to his APPARENT death while shouting " Liberty shall not perish from the Earth ! ! " . The end !
Or is it ? ?
I'm glad you asked Utahraptor ! It's actually not ! ! He survived and ended up changin his name to " Racism X . Murder - babies " which made us all feel kinda bad about thinking it was a much more appropriate name ! !
Let's not treat birthdays as the start of a new year for ourselves . That's BORING . Instead , let's treat them as our nth attempt to beat the roguelike game we call . . .
. . . " Life " ? ?
Every birthday is a celebration of DAY ZERO , where everything gets reset , and we see how much better we can do with THESE 365 days than we did the last time around .
So , what , we restart and have to make friends with everyone all over again ?
No , for as in most modern Roguelikes , there are unlockables that persist between play sessions .
So we keep the friends we already have , and that gives us an advantage in this run .
EXACTLY . And they do !
But can we unlock MORE friends this year ? Better equipment ? Heck . I don't know , but I WANNA FIND OUT .
Huh . It kinda works ! Life DOES have permadeath .
And it's a good think too , because otherwise chumps would be camping on the spawn points ! !
. . . Wait a second , THAT'S EXACTLY WHAT MIDWIVES DO ! ! AND THEY STEAL ALL OUR LOOT TOO !
Loot ?
YOU KNOW
" AFTERBIRTH "
Comics is today's trendy new medium that allows for infinite variation in artistic expression ! The comics you draw today can be ENTIRELY DIFFERENT than what you create tomorrow !
HOT TIPS FOR HOT CARTOONISTS
Remember : when drawing your comics , be sure to use all sorts of different shots : close ups , establishing shots , and more . Many beginner cartoonists will find one shot they like and then use it over and over , stopping only when the comic ends .
And don't let your characters " stand " on the panel border ! CLASSIC beginner mistake .
Almost as bad as when they hover juuust slightly above it .
AGREED
Also , don't be afraid to draw backgrounds : yes they take time , but they establish where your characters are in space , and make the comic much more visually satisfying .
Without backgrounds , your characters are lost in a featureless white void from which there can truly be no escape .
And finally , and perhaps most importantly , be sure to make your comic large enough so that you can fit everything you want to say inside the space you've allotted for yourself without having to crowd your characters with words and , in the worst case , cramming extra verbiage into whatever marginalia you
Tired of people mindlessly parroting old sayings to you as if they're timeless wisdom ? Time for us to
CORRECT SOME DAMN APHORISMS
NO MAN CAN SERVE TWO MASTERS : so many dom / sub relationships disprove this !
THE CREAM ALWAYS RISES TO THE TOP : not if the liquid the cream is in is less dense than cream . At 20 degrees celsius , 36 % fat cream has a density of . 994 grams / cm3 . Therefore , cream will not rise to the top of less - dense liquids , such as rubbing alcohol or vegetable oil .
Any saying with " always " in it can be trivially disputed ; a single counter - example is all that is required .
PRACTICE MAKES PERFECT : practice actually only makes gradual , incremental improvement over time .
OH WELL !
TRUTH IS STRANGER THAN FICTION : easily disproved by taking any true story and add " . . . with naked sex aliens on top " to it . Is the truth still stranger ? No it is not .
If it is , add more naked sex aliens .
By induction , you WILL eventually end up with more strange fictional alien " boner humanoids " , or " boneroids " , than actual ones .
Q . E
FRIGGIN'
D .
HOW TO USE WIKIPEDIA
Wikipedia is amazing if you want to know facts about something , but INSTEAD decide to go with what a bunch of internet strangers have temporarily agreed is the truth ! !
Actually , it's kinda ideal for that exact situation !
And if you don't like what Wikipedia says , you can change it ! But then some random stranger will change it back with a snippy " citation needed for 'dogs = mega ultrarad' " , and you're like , have you ever SEEN dogs ? Have you EVEN EVER SEEN A DOG . Because you obviously haven't or you'd know precisely how ultrarad they are , which is : mega . They are mega ultrarad and PEOPLE NEED TO KNOW .
Frig .
Wait , you're xXERTx ? ?
Wait - YOU'RE the guy who reverts all my dog updates ? ?
AWKWARD MOMENT FEATURING TENSE , SUSTAINED STRING MUSIC
LATER
AWKWARD MOMENT FEATURING NIRVANA'S " HEART - SHAPED BOX " MASHED UP WITH " CALL ME MAYBE "
Says here this guy murdered a dude , AND , they're saying he liked a bunch of HEAVY METAL songs on Youtube . Coincidence ? ?
OH GOD
I HAVE LIKED SO MANY CRAPPY SONGS ON YOUTUBE
If anyone wants to write an article about me , the easiest and laziest thing in the world is to talk about what they can find on social media and draw friggin' imaginary connections , Dromiceiomimus !
" T - Rex was caught shoplifting yesterday . On social media , he had been hectoring his # favourite # brands , saying 'I'ma steal you now' " .
That - that'd be a reasonable example , actually . STILL THOUGH .
It's this bizarre focus on art consumption that bothers me !
" His tumblr played DEATH METAL " ?
EXACTLY . Can we stop pretending music is this powerful ? It's not . I'm sorry , it's not . If it WERE , there'd have been no wars in the 60s because we all would've stopped in the name of love when the Supremes QUITE POLITELY asked us to . AND YET , THE 60s STILL HAD SEVERAL WARS ? ?
WEIRD , MAN
IT'S ALMOST AS IF YOU CAN GO BREAK SOMEONE'S HEART EVEN IF SIMULTANEOUSLY THEY STARTED PLAYING " DON'T GO BREAKING MY HEART "
YEP , TURNS OUT I COULD IN FACT DO THAT IF I TRIED
QUITE EASILY , ACTUALLY
HOW MUCH G - FORCE CAN I HANDLE ? ?
A regular person in regular clothes can handle about 5 G before they pass out . Not bad , regular person ! !
But what's that ? You want MORE acceleration ? MORE of these delectable forces of G ? ?
Okay ! We'll get you a flight suit : that'll push your limit up to 9 G . Wait - still not good enough ? Well , we COULD submerge you in a liquid that has the same density as your body .
This distributes the G - force all over your body rather than on a single spot , making you much more resilient to sudden starts and stops !
What does that get us ?
15 G .
20 G , tops .
But you STILL want to go higher ? No problem ! So you've go these hollow weak points inside you called " lungs " . We'll be filling those AND EVERY OTHER BODY CAVITY YOU'VE GOT with the same liquid you're immersed in . Tada !
Wait . Do we know WHY the person reading this wants to handle 20 + G ?
Utahraptor , PLEASE : whatever's going on here , we're clearly at the level where it's gonna make the news if it goes well OR catastrophically wrong .
Personally , I'm hoping for a little of both ? ?
Everyone ! A new dude has moved in down the street from me !
And I'm PRETTY SURE he's a spy ? ?
Why ? What , does he dress all in black and prank another spy dressed all in white ?
NOTHING SO GAUCHE . But check this : he speaks seven different languages , he's really handsome , he wears suits , and I'm pretty sure he knows a lot about guns AND documents . I asked him what his favourite type of document was and I could tell he SO wanted to say " Stole - - I mean , no preference " .
Maybe he's just a sartorialist polyglot ?
A spy , yeah !
No , maybe he's just a guy who dresses well and speaks many languages . A well - educated , confident man . You know . . . THE KIND OF GUY YOU WISH YOU WERE ? ?
. . . Oh my god you're right . Oh my god . You're totally right .
HE'S ME FROM THE FUTURE .
You ignored my awesome sick burn and in doing so transformed it into . . . the setup for a time - travelling adventure ? I gotta say , I'm impressed !
Hah hah hah !
My ultimate faith in our friendship has paid off YET AGAIN ! !
Democracy ! It certainly is the best form of government !
. . . Uh , I GUESS ? ?
The PROBLEM with democracy is that it relies on the wisdom of crowds - " mobs " , if you will - and it's like , is that the best we can do ? When it's time to make a decision , we'll ask a bunch of strangers what they think and then we all convince ourselves that the most popular opinion is always the correct one ? ?
Oh because fascism and dictators are WAY better !
Okay , obviously not !
Dude , our world is one where EVERYONE DISAGREES ON EVERYTHING . You're never going to build a government that makes liberals , conservatives , individualists , communists , and EVERYONE ELSE happy .
So what , the future of democracy is everyone arguing everything forever ? ?
YEP
Man ! I guess , at the very least , democracy guarantees that I'll always be able to share my rad opinions .
OPINIONS WHICH I REMIND YOU ARE OBJECTIVELY CORRECT
AND COOL AND GOOD
Truth or dare , God !
UM
TRUTH
Okay ! Tell me . . . oh , I don't know . . .
. . . THE MEANING OF LIFE ? ?
DUDE THAT " S A NONSENSICAL QUESTION
IT'S LIKE YOU ASKED WHAT IS THE MEANING OF SANDWICH
AND I'M LIKE
SANDWICHES DON'T HAVE MEANING THEY'RE JUST FUN THINGS TO CRAM INSIDE YOUR BODY VIA YOUR MOUTH
" ENJOY "
NOW YOUR TURN
Alright . . . I choose dare !
Huh ?
I DARE YOU TO SAY UTAHRAPTOR DID YOU KNOW I TOOTED THE BED
Utahraptor , did you know I tooted the bed ? ?
I . . . did not ?
HAH HAH AWESOME
OKAY THIS HAS BEEN FUN BUT NOW I GOTTA GET BACK TO GOD STUFF THERE'S A PLANET 3 GALAXIES OVER WHOSE SUN IS EXPLODING
AND IT'S LIKE
GUYS
SETTLE DOWN GUYS
LET ME TELL YOU WHAT I TOLD MY FRIEND T - REX ABOUT SANDWICHES
If we didn't want the youth of today stealing our cars and driving them around , then why did we give that crime the alluring and cool name of " joyriding " ? ?
IT . SOUNDS . AWESOME .
Petty larceny has " petty " in the name : CLEARLY that's a crime for losers ! But JOYRIDING sounds like a friggin' good time . It needs a more frightening name to scare off teens trying to consider what crime to do today . Might I suggest : " CAR CRIME 3000 " ?
That only makes it sound more alluring !
Car Crime . . . uh , 4000 ? ?
Indecent Carsposure ?
Distributing caps ? ?
You know , if you're taking apart the cars and selling them . OR , if they only steal vans and then write their names on them : VANdalism ? ?
Hmm . These crimes STILL sound pretty cool though . Is this a problem other crimes have ? ?
I WILL FIND OUT !
SOON :
I have found out ! Therefore , behold the Top Five Crimes Based on How Awesome Their Name Alone Sounds !
1 ) Pyramid Schemes
2 ) Joyriding 3 ) Public Mischief 4 ) Hooliganism
5 ) Criminal Vampirism
Need to have the two love interests in your romantic comedy meet in some cute way ? You need a " meet " " cute " !
Stay with me ! !
" Meet cute " is the scene in the movie where your two characters come together and both spill the same flavour of nutritional smoothie on each other . ADORABLE , right ? AND an excellent foundation for a lifelong commitment !
Is there a name for the scene where they break up due to a misunderstanding that could've been avoided if they all just addressed each other like adults ?
Uh , " seemingly mandatory " ?
What about the scene where they both have the same action figure ?
Huh ?
You know ! They both have the same toy from some obscure 80s cartoon , the couple fights , goes home , sees the toy , remembers how its catch phrase was say " Time to give justice a chance . . . or TWO ! " then hold up its fists , then they meet in the rain and reconcile and say they've already given their love a chance . . .
. . . but now they're giving it TWO . Aaaaand INSTAKISS .
Utahraptor ! !
Can you write all movies forever please , thanks in advance ? ?
SO YOU WANT TO LEARN ENGLISH
You , my friend , have come to the right comic !
Alright !
To start , let's assume you know every word used in this comic !
If you don't , come back when you've learned them all . Don't worry , we'll ONLY be using the words found in this comic , so it shouldn't take too long . Ready ? Perfect .
So the first thing you need to know is that everything is crazy in English and nothing makes sense .
Great ! You're already a pro !
HOWEVER : there are some rules that CANNOT be bent .
Memorize the following . LIVE IT .
The Oxford comma is important , critical , and necessary .
If you say " begs the question " to mean " raises the question " you are a lesser person . Objectively so .
These are our hills ; we shall die on them .
CONGRATULATIONS ! ! NOW YOU KNOW ENGLISH !
YES , IT IS TOO LATE FOR REGRETS
YES , IT IS TOO LATE FOR US ALL
FREE PICK UP LINES
USE THESE LINES TO PICK UP PEOPLE YOU MEET
THEY HAVE NEVER FAILED
Girl are you an mp3 I downloaded twenty years ago because getting with you is taking like 30 minutes and my dad keeps picking up the phone in the middle
Boy are you Uranium Tetraiodide because all I can see is U and I getting together with three of my friends and it being dangerous , but also very powerful
Girl are you a dog because I want to play fetch and run around with you and scratch behind your ears and sneak you people food
Boy are you a cloud because your body is constantly changing and when I look at you I see a hot stud but my friend says she sees a car
Girl are you Magic the Gathering because I could see myself spending a lot of money and the better part of my 20s on you
IF THESE LINES HAVE NOT PRODUCED A SATISFYING RELATIONSHIP FOR YOU , THEN YOU HAVE MESSED UP AND FAILED TO DEPLOY THEM PROPERLY
THE FAULT LIES IN YOU
P . S . : I'M NOT UPDATING THE SECOND PANEL
Sherlock Holmes adjusted the course of the starship with some satisfaction .
SHERLOCK HOLMES IS IN SPACE NOW
" There are precious few mysteries in space , " he deduced , " thanks mainly to our advanced technology and ubiquitous surveillance . That's why I can now indulge my true passion of starship piloting . "
What ? ?
" Yes , the only things I enjoy now are the simple pleasure of piloting this starship through the mostly - empty , samey , and uncompli - cated void of space , " Sherlock said .
Dude , why use Sherlock ?
Um , because he's the WORLD'S GREATEST DETECTIVE ? ?
And you have him piloting the WORLD'S BORINGEST SPACESHIP . Have you forgotten that without mysteries , Sherlock turns to drugs ? ?
Piloting a spaceship is the only drug he needs ! The only mystery he unravels now is why the port nacelle is oper - ating 2 . 6 % below nominal !
Spoiler alert ! !
It's because the phase coils are 1 . 3 % out of alignment and this has an outsized effect on the output of the matter / antimatter reaction chamber .
DID SOMEONE AT WORK STEAL YOUR LUNCH ?
PRINT THIS COMIC OUT AND DISTRIBUTE IT TO EVERYONE'S DESK WITHOUT EXCEPTION
Hello ! Someone ate my lunch right out of the fridge . IT WAS YOU , AND I FRIGGIN' KNOW IT .
DID YOU EAT MY LUNCH [ ] YES [ ] NO
I KNOW IT WAS YOU , JUST TELL ME THE TRUTH . DID YOU EAT MY LUNCH ? [ ] YES [ ] NO
YOU KEEP SELECTING " NO " AND I UNDERSTAND WHY , I DO , BUT I REALLY JUST WANT TO KNOW WHAT HAPPENED . ONE LAST TIME : DID YOU EAT MY LUNCH ? [ ] YES , I ATE YOUR LUNCH [ ] NO , I ATE YOUR LUNCH
I ADMIT TO EATING YOUR LUNCH [ ] I'LL DO IT AGAIN [ ] I FEEL NO REMORSE ; I HAVE NEVER FELT IT
I WILL PAY YOU BACK THIS MUCH FOR EATING YOUR LUNCH [ ] FIFTY THOUSAND DOLLARS [ ] FIFTY THOUSAND DOLLARS [ ] FIFTY THOUSAND DOLLARS [ ] FIFTY THOUSAND DOLLARS [ ] FIFTY THOUSAND DOLLARS [ ] FIFTY THOUSAND DOLLARS
P . S . THIS IS A LEGALLY - BINDING DOCUMENT
The velocity of a body remains constant unless the body is acted upon by an external force .
That's Newton's First Law o' Motion !
But what did Newton know , huh ? ? Are we really gonna follow LAWS laid down by THE MAN ?
Laws laid down by A man , you mean . Not THE man .
Still ! What's the point of laws anyway ? The good people don't need them and the bad people don't obey them !
They're laws in the observational sense , not in the prescriptive sense .
OH .
Well clearly Newton has this thing wrapped up nicely and we're all going to remain at constant velocity until an external force acts on us because WE ALL LOVE FOLLOWING RULES .
If you don't like the rules , make your own universe with different ones !
I WILL .
LATER :
HAH HAH HAH WOW
I HAVE LIKE
ZERO IDEA WHERE TO START
There's a question coming up , and its answer is ME . It has always been me .
WHO HAS THE SICKEST BEATS ?
Uh , ME .
My beats are so sick they're not going into work today !
Oh yeah ? MY beats are so sick doctors are naming their disease after them , because NOBODY HAS BEEN QUITE SO SICK IN QUITE THE SAME WAY BEFORE .
Well MY beats are so sick that their breathing is shallow and mucussy !
Ew !
My beats are so sick they have blood coming out of their holes ! EVERY ONE of their MANY HOLES .
EW . Holes ? HOLES ? ?
This just in : you're no longer allowed to talk about holes , EVER .
CONGRATULATIONS ! !
IF YOU WERE EMAILED THIS COMIC IT'S BECAUSE YOU'RE NOT ALLOWED TO TALK ABOUT HOLES ANYMORE EITHER
also your beats , if you produce them , aren't NEARLY as sick as they could be
Gluten are airborne tropical spores . They colonize foods left uncovered , and first infested North American food processing plants 15 years ago when they started running 24 / 7 . They're very expensive to remove , which is why " gluten free " costs more .
WHAT IS . . . A GLUTEN ?
That's cute , but " glutens " are really the industry term for the trace amount of feces legally permitted in ground or processed meats . The animals are processed whole , which means their intestines - usually with animal waste still inside them - get added to the mix . Interestingly , gluten - free foods aren't ACTUALLY gluten free : they've just been chemically treated to sterilize the fecal output .
Actually , gluten is the name for the nutritional slurry used as a starter in industrial yeast cultures !
Neat !
But in reality , " gluten " was one of the first GMO genes ever privatized . UN subsidies helped it to displace most organic wheat crops worldwide , so once people started developing allergies , it was far too late . Gluten - free foods are made from the few remaining " heritage " of non - GMO , strains .
But for real : gluten is a naturally - occurring wheat protein and unless you have celiac disease or gluten allergies , there are no published experimental studies showing and health benefits from a gluten - free diet .
Uh , BOOORRRIINNNGG
T - REX HAS PUBLISHED A BOOK OF BIOGRAPHIES
They're mostly lifted from Wikipedia !
THEY'RE MOSTLY LIFTED FROM WIKIPEDIA
But after a person's accomplishments are listed , I put " They died anyway ! "
It's SO GOOD . " Albert Einstein described the relationship between energy and matter . He died anyway ! " " Genghis Khan has a lot of sex and wars . He died anyway ! "
What if I want to learn about the past and NOT be reminded of my own inevitable upcoming demise ? ?
There's probably other books for that , I dunno
I think you're not death - centered enough !
Whoah ! THIS HAS NEVER BEEN SAID OF ME BEFORE .
Histories that begin " 1800s : Everyone who lived at this time is dead . Anyway , " ! Fiction that starts with " Even though these characters are imaginary they too will die , for even in fiction death stalks us all . In any case , it is a truth universally acknowledged , " !
MEMENTO MORI FOR EVERYONE .
MEANWHILE , IN AN ALTERNATE UNIVERSE :
It's so rad that we uploaded our brains into self - repairing computers powered by the universe herself , thereby finally freeing ourselves from the shackles of mortality !
I mean , I GUESS ? ?
If you love someone , pretend not to care so much , and then if they happen to care more than you're pretending NOT to , then it was meant to be .
This is what adult relationships look like .
CLASSIC APHORISMS REPHRASED
If you love something , set it free !
Being rejected by someone can be very upsetting , but I'd much rather gender that reaction to imply that fully half the population is , quite frankly , ridiculously mentally unstable .
Oooh , I got this one ! Hell hath no fury like a woman scorned !
Don't worry : Dogs displaying aggression are absolutely safe to approach .
His bark is worse than his bite !
I sustain and spread racist stereotypes that originate in an IMAGINARY STORY that is LITERALLY OVER TWO THOUSAND YEARS OLD .
Beware of Greeks bearing gifts ! Facts are equal to the work performed by these facts , divided by time .
Knowledge is power !
It is objectively better to NOT know a thing that to know a thing .
2x COMBO ! ! " Ignorance is bliss " and " no news is good news " !
Hah hah hah !
Why do we keep repeating these AWFUL IDEAS ? ?
Like walking , but wish you could end up way sweatier and gross at the end ?
Consider jogging , friends !
TIPS FOR JOGGERS
It's a sport based solely on the challenge of moving your BIG GIANT BODY AROUND . You may think " Yo , I played this game when it was called 'walking' " , BUT , unlike walking , jogging can finish with you wheezing and panting , drenched in your own smelly juices and wondering why you took up jogging in the first place !
Yaaaaay !
Don't you get " runner's high " at the end though ?
HAH HAH HAH
RIGHT . I don't get " runner's high " , I get " runner's feel a little less bad because at least you tried " . You know ! That same AMAZING HIGH you get when everyone else gets a gold medal and you get a " PARTICIPANT " ribbon ?
And you had to print it out yourself ? ?
And your printer's almost out of ink so there's weird lines on it ? ?
Alright , I get it ! You hate jogging !
What ?
Dude it's like my favourite sport , not a word of lie
Robyn was exploring ancient pyramids when she came across some mummies ! And yes , as in the FRANKLY NOT UNPROBLEMATIC movies from the 50s , they were walking around , arms outstretched , trying to murder everyone who stumbled upon their curs ? d grounds !
Robyn was like , whoah , what's coing on here ? ?
She managed to pin down one of the mummies and , partially unwrapping it , found that inside were , as expected , ancient and long - dead remains . Whatever power that was animating the mummy was clearly in the ancient funeral dressing . Furthermore , moving the ancient and fragile corpse as if it were alive had seriously damaged it , in parts reducing its brittle skin and bones to powder .
So what'd she do next ?
She unwrapped the mummy entirely !
The rags still thirsted for living blood , but by carefully wrapping them around a specially - constructed dynamo she was able to transform this motion into useful work . Once again , Robyn had transformed supernatural phenomena into clean , renewable energy , and the hatred of the dead kept our cities lit and our houses warm .
Okay , T - Rex , you've got a firt dat tonight . If there's a romantic moment and she looks into your eyes , don't lock eyes with her and whisper " boners " ! !
Don't whisper " boners " don't whisper " boners " don't whisper " boners "

DANG IT , DROMICEIOMIMUS , I WHISPERED " BONERS "
I JUST THOUGHT IT WOULD BE FUNNY .
AND IT WAS .
BUT LIKE ,
NOT TO HER ? ?

IT HAPPENED AGAIN ON ANOTHER DATE
T - Rex !
I KNOW

IT HAPPENED AGAIN BUT THIS TIME SHE WAS INTO IT
COOL
Yeah
ANYWAY I SHOULD REALLY GET BACK ; THE DATE IS ONGOING

THE TRUTH OF LIF IS THIS NO MATTER WHO YOU KISS
THEY LIKE THE JOKES YOU'VE SAID : THAT'S SOMEONE YOU SHOULD WED
Stuck in a hospital waiting room ? Wish there was something that could make the time just FLY by ? ?
HOSPITAL COMICS
HA HA HA , SO DO I
the end .
Wait , why are these people in the hospital waiting room ?
Because they're waiting for the hospital ?
But is there , like , something wrong ?
That's KINDA the question they came here to get answered , dude ! And I'll tell you what : a lifetime of disease is looking PRETTY GOOD against staying in this hospital waiting room for another five hours !
Hey , you know what people who made the right decisions and who live life without regret say ? " My disease can only be cured by waiting in a hospital room for fifteen hours , and so it is , of course , uncured . "
AND I ENVY THEM !
Man , there's a lot of laws saying what you can and can't do . . . ON THE GROUND . But there's no such thing as the TREE police ! !
LATER : THERE ABSOLUTELY ARE SUCH AS THING AS THE TREE POLICE
Maaaaaaan !
There are WAY too many laws governing me right now ! TAX laws , import / export laws , decency laws . . . I just want ti go to a place where there's no laws and just be ME , man !
You could go to international water and get kidnapped by pirates .
Oh wow , PIRA - -
Aaaand they're not the fun kind you're thinking of .
There's got to be SOME places left on Earth where there's no laws .
There are , actually !
There's some unclaimed land in the Antarctic , and there's a couple thousand square kilometers between Egypt and Sudan that nobody wants .
Nobody but ME , that is ! ! See you later , chumps ! I'm off to start a new FRIGGIN' COUNTRY .
SEVERAL DAYS LATER , T - REX RETURNS :
I missed my friends !
AND civilization and , like , medicine ? ?
. . . But honestly , mostly friends ? ?
" Stevella : A Story That Might Have A Sad Ending , By T - Rex . " Once upon a time there was a woman , Stevella , who knew EVERYTHING . Every single thing . " But that's impossible ! " you say . " How did she fit it all in her brain ? "
Well guess what ?
She knew a way to do that ! !
Her friends would say , " Stevella , who is going to win this horse race ? " and she'd tell them . Her better friends would say , " Stevella , which actions should I take in my life to ensure the best , most prosperous future for all ? " and she'd tell them that too .
Sounds like a great person to know !
Oh for sure ! Especially if you have , like , questions about your homework !
So she knew EVERYTHING ?
EVERYTHING , yo ! She knew every of the things .
. . . Including knowledge SO DANGEROUS that the mere act of knowing it would erase all other knowledge she had ? ?
Nice try ! The answer is yes , BUT , she also knew a way to prevent that from happening .
Then that is my only possible objection addressed and dismissed !
Later on when Stevella died it was the greatest loss the world ever faced , for it proved either immortality was impossible or the only rational response in the face of total knowledge of our universe was death . OH SNAP ! THAT SAD ENDING APPEARED ! !
YOU KNEW THE RISKS
Feel like you've made some bad decisions ? Pfft , yeah , well get used to it . You're gonna feel that way CONSTANTLY AND FOREVER , unless you -
MOVE SOMEWHERE NEW AND START A NEW LIFE
Now , this is trickier than it was before we invented " photography " and " mandatory government - issued ID " and " ubiquitous surveillance " and " automated facial recognition " . BUT IT IS STILL POSSIBLE .
We don't have surveillance drones above every city yet !
Assumed identities still have a few good years left ! !
So what do you recommend ?
Do it quietly , yo !
Everyone's first instinct is to fake their death , but that just draws attention , AND dummies thrown off of boats wearing " HI MY NAME IS [ YOUR NAME ] " tags are being examined more and more carefully these days . Instead , just move ! Tell people you're moving to a new country , but just move to the other side of town !
TADA ! Old life and relation - ships gone , and you can start over in comfort . If anyone recognizes you , just say you're here on business ! WOW , HAVE I TRULY MADE IT INSANELY EASY TO START A NEW LIFE ? ?
Given that you left in the middle of our conversation to go do that : uh , POSSIBLY ? ?
Horses ! Are you interested in erotica ? Well GOOD NEWS , because I've taken some of my limted life and squandered it creating
SEX SCENES FOR HORSES
" His nose was long , horselike to the max . His legs were typical , obviously sexy to other horses , and on his back sat some guy , AND his legs , like one half of a horse's legs , either front or back . "
You think horses care a lot about legs ?
Among the things I think about horses is they care about legs , yes .
THE END
What ? ! " The End " !
The horses didn't even DO anything . You just described their legs and stopped !
Oh are you saying my EROTICA FOR HORSES didn't satisfy you ? ? Are you gonna review me on Yelp and say " NOT ENOUGH HORSE EROTICA " ? ?
NO , because Yelp won't let you review people !
A site collecting UNSOLICITED REVIEWS of ACTUAL PEOPLE , and the reviews are anonymous , AND the people reviewd can't remove them unless they pay me !
Don't you dare , T - Rex ! !
I WILL BURN THIS PLANET TO THE GROUND , T - REX
Oh great , " skullmandible " on " ReviewAllHumans " says that Ryan North is " several inches taller than is considered polite "
COMICS FOR UNPOPULAR DEMOGRAPHICS
today's demographic
SEXISTS
Sexists ! We're going to fix you up .
I know !
Finally , am I right ? ?
DON'T :
That's a cool lady ! Hey , what's her naked body look like ? I should pay her less . I don't remember her name , but she looked like this :
( Here you are outlining her figure with your hands , or your head has turned into a cartoon steamwhistle and your tongue is lolling out while you say " awoooka " )
DO :
That's a cool lady ! I'm not going to be sexist about this . Well bye !
Perfect !
But I worry this fixes only SYMPTOMS of sexism , but not the root cause .
Pfft , these people are broken and I don't wanna deal with their garbage . Hey , you know the difference between a world where nobody's sexist and a world where everyone just PRETENDS not to be sexist ? ?
Answer : LET'S FIND OUT , DICKWEEDS
Marketers , do you want to " go viral " with the latest marketing techniques ? Well great , because the hottest trend is to attach yourself to world events already in motion ! People love it when their conver - sation is interrupted by marketing !
CONVINCE YOURSELF THIS IS THE TRUE ; YOU HAVE CHOSEN THIS CAREER PATAH AND THIS IS ITS COST
For example , say we land a manned mission on Mars . If you're not on Twitter the INSTANT the collected children of Earth achieve this dream with " . @ NAMEOFASTRONAUT : you don't have to go to # Mars for deals like this ! ! " then you are not doing your job correctly .
I would also accept copy invoking " out of this world " savings .
That statement evaluates to true ! !
But suppose something bad happens ? Say superintelligent apes take over Australia .
Oh sure !
THEN you should be careful . Don't say " AUSTRALIA : you don't need to be a force'evolved primate to take deals like THIS by force ! " . Instead say , " We # RememberAustralia with the following deals : " . Classy , you know ?
So classy !
IF AUSTRALIA EVER GETS TAKEN BY SUPERINTELLIGENT APES THEN I APOLOGIZE IN ADVANCE FOR THE FLIPPANT TONE OF THIS COMIC
ALSO
IT'S SAD ABOUT AUSTRALIA BUT YOU'RE ALL SECRETLY AGREEING THAT WHAT HAPPENED IS KIND OF AWESOME , RIGHT ? ?
Oranges are orange , and if you press them , an orange juice called " orange juice " comes out . Their honest and straightforward approach easily earns oranges our coveted # 1 spot .
GREAT NAMES FOR FRUIT
At the bottom of our list we find the grapefruit , a pretender which steals its name from not only a more popular food , but from one which itself is already a fruit . We don not need grape fruits and grapefruits ; the grapefruit cannot help but lose in any competition .
Dude , they're just called that because they grow in bunches , like grapes .
NOT REMOTELY GOOD ENOUGH .
I heard someone was hating on grapefruits ! !
I am ! Grapefruit haters gonna grapefruit hate !
Observe as I INSTANTLY CHANGE YOUR MIND ABOUT GRAPEFRUIT : the red grapefruit people eat today DIDN'T EXIST 100 years ago . They were created by FIRING GAMMA RAYS AT PLANTS , hoping some useful mutations would randomly come out the other irradiated end . They emerged from the " gamma gardens " of the 1950s .
GRAPEFRUITS : TOTALLY AWESOME
Also !
GARDENING : Uh , way more badass than I was led to believe ? ?
Want to be healthy , wealthy , and wise ? Simply follow the four Fs !
Friendship , fitness , family , and financialsuccess !
THAT LAST ONE ISN'T A WORD
Now on to the 10 Fs !
Take care of friendship , fitness , family , financialsuccess , frugality , futrition , flessening salt intake , forderating alcohol intake , fiminishing stress , and fatching your blood pressure level . . . and the rest will take care of itself !
As the old saying goes , " If it starts with an 'F' . . . then do what it says , Steph ! "
What a handy mnemonic !
I made it myself ! It also applies to non - Stephs .
So here's a question for you : while I know high blood pressure can cause your retina's blood vessels to LITERALLY SQUIRT BLOOD OVER THE INSIDES OF YOUR EYES , can isolated systolic hypertension be a cause of that ?
Um . You are talking to a guy who gives health tips based on what words start with which letter .
That said . . .
. . . FFFROBABLY ? ?
Can I pat my head and rub my tummy at the same time ? Pfft ! MERE CHILD'S PLAY .
It's SO EASY , in fact , that I'll totally do it later ! !
Besides , that's just doing TWO things at the same time , and I can do SEVERAL . For example , right now I'm walking AND talking !
Not just that ! You're walking , talking , AND breathing at the same time too !
NICE .
You're also simultaneously circulating blood throughout your body !
I'm awesome !
I'm walking , talking , respirating , circulating blood , transforming light AND sound into electrical signals , converting electricity into thoughts , AND maintaining awareness of the position of my body , all at the same time ! !
Not to mention aging and dying ! !
* record scratch *
Oh yeah I always forget about that one
Ha ha
Attention , everyone who lives in North America ! I come to you with some STUNNING NEWS .
Did you know that Europe is , like , REALLY OLD ? ?
FAQs ABOUT EUROPE
Q : Can you eat in restaurants that have been serving food since before YOUR country was even a thing ? ?
A : Yes !
Q : Are there cities whose origins are lost , which is a non - dramatic way of asking if there are cities which PREDATE HISTORY HERSELF ? ?
A : Yes ! Old stuff is FRIGGIN' EVERYWHERE !
Q : If I dig a hole in Europe , am I likely to find . . . a spooky skeleton ?
A : Unfortunately , yes .
You will ABSOLUTELY find a skeleton . This is the downside of Europe : all those skellies have to go somewhere , and the dead vastly outnumber the living . Have you ever seen those models of Earth where the atmosphere is just this super thin layer on top of the hulking mass of the planet ?
Europe is like that , but with skeletons ?
Europe is like that , but with skeletons .
THIS COMIC BROUGHT TO YOU BY TOURISM EUROPE
" WE ALSO INVENTED VAMPIRES "
" Sit " . " Lie down " . " Stay " . If you're a person familiar with dogs , you've seen these tricks before . But let's be honest : it can be done better . Here are several objectively superior tricks to teach your pup !
" Open the fridge " : tie a rope to your fridge's handle , and encourage the dog to tug . When the door opens , reward the dog . Shorten the rope until the dog opens the fridge by its handle . Congratulations ! You have given an animal access to your fridge !
You no longer control its access to food ; you have rendered yourself redundant .
" Find treasure " : simply teach your dog the distinctive scent of treasure . And ALWAYS negotiate who gets what in advance .
T - Rex !
" Speak in the voice of a man " : this is a fun trick to use on your neighbours , or to distract telemarketers while you make your escape .
T - Rex , I -
" Hover " : a variation of " sit " , performed several feet in the air . Useful when vacuuming or traversing bodies of water .
" Undo " : most dogs can undo their last 3 choices , but with training , you can raise this number to at least 10 . This trick pairs well with " Find me and warn me " .
T - Rex ! !
Yes ?
. . . Um , there's a lot I don't know about dogs apparently
It's Earth Day ! !
EARTH DAY WAS SEVERAL DAYS AGO
Oh okay , nevermind !
NEVERMIND
I was GONNA say " maybe recycle a little and stop peeing in the ocean " but since Earth Day is over , no worries ! FALSE ALARM .
Peeing in the ocean isn't actually bad for the planet , dude . Fish do it all the time . Constantly , really . Did you know saltwater fish pee through their gills ?
Um , ACTUALLY I was hoping to get through life not knowing that ? ? GOSH .
So it's actually . . . super cool to pee in the ocean ?
Whales do it , dude !
And whales ARE part of nature .
Exactly . Plus , the urea in urine is high in nitrogen , which is a fertilizer for lots of oceanic plants ! Science says that everyone should pee in the ocean whenever they want ! !
HAPPY EARTH DAY ! ! YOU SHOULD DEFINITELY PEE IN THE OCEAN
BONUS SCIENCE FACT : YOU CAN ALSO PEE IN * SEVERAL * LAKES
Rex : Attention , parents ! Be careful when you have kids , because when they grow up , whatever media properties are popular NOW are going to be brought back when they're nostalgic adults with disposable income !
Rex : Attention , parents ! THERE IS NO STOPPING THIS .
Rex : But we can CONTROL it . For example : Breaking Bad was a pretty good show .
I liked it on Breaking Bad where Breaking Bad would almost get caught by the police , but then not get caught by the police .
Rex : It's always a tight escape with that guy ! ! But that's a great example : if enough kids enjoyed Breaking Bad's adventures , we can be CERTAIN of more in , say , 30 years .
You're . . . saying people should plan their children around when they think TV might be good ?
Rex : Not just TV !
Rex : Music , stand - up : ALL media ! You don't want to have kids who are nostalgic for crappy culture ! WE TRIED THAT , and you know what we got for it ? THREE Brady Bunch movies . If everyone who was gonna have a baby in the 70s just WAITED , you know , just STOPPED BEING HORNY FOR 5 MINUTES , this dystopian future could've been avoided .
Rex : IN CONCLUSION , my only disappointment with Breaking Bad is that it didn't end with Breaking Bad saying " I guess we really were . . . Breaking Bad " , THE END .
Once upon a time , by which I mean around 636 AD , there lived a woman ? thelthryth who took a vow of perpetual virginity , because why not ? It's the 600s ! Virginity was in , vows were in , IT MADE SENSE .
Then later on she died anyway , because death WILL inevitably claim us all ! !
Anyway ! Years later they dug up her body ( because , again , it was history times and nobody had invented Nintendos yet ) and discovered that her body hadn't really decomposed that much ! This can happen for a variety of reasons BUT SCIENCE WASN'T REALLY A THING YET , so she ended up a Catholic saint , and since nobody knew what to do with a name like " ? thelthryth " , they called her " Saint Audrey " .
But what does this have to do with MY modern work - a - day world ? ?
I'm glad you asked !
Her admirers held an annual fair where they sold each other lace : " St . Audrey's lace " . This became corrupted to " tawdry lace " - and when that style of lace fell out of fashion , " tawdry " kinda seemed like an adjective that mean " cheap " or " sucky " , so that's what it became !
Amazing !
Yep ! And that's how a woman who died over a thousand years ago without ever even boning anyone is memorialized every day by an insulting adjective .
The moral ? HISTORY IS WEIRD ,
ENGLISH IS WEIRDER
One day John Spidderman was leaving work when he took a look overhead and saw Spider - Man swinging by from a thread .
" Dang , that guy is ruining my name , " he muttered to himself .
John Spidderman didn't know what to do . Now even some of his long - time friends caught themselves mispronouncing his name by accident , calling him " Spy - derman " instead of the " Spidd - erman " he'd been since he was born . " I guess I have to . . . KILL SPIDER - MAN ? ? " he said , but only to himself , so that if he did it nobody would suspect him .
And did he ?
He did not !
It's a big leap from not liking a guy to MURDERING him ; it was just an idle fantasy on his part .
Ah .
Instead he worked to be the best person he could be , which is all any of us can do , and over time he managed to let go of some of his resentment !
Oh . I was hoping they'd fight each other .
NOPE
THIS HAS BEEN
" REALISTIC TALES OF INSTROSPECTION "
THE ONLY COMIC WRITTEN BY AND FOR INTROVERTS
ASK PROFESSOR SCIENCE
He's a professor ! Guys ! !
That means he HAS to answer questions or he gets fired ! !
Today's questions comes from Chip !
Chip writes , " Dear Professor : how is free will possible ? ? How can my brain make decisions without the natural laws that govern it implicitly determining the outcome of those decisions ? " Great question ! Dromiceiomimus ?
No idea , T - Rex ! It's not my mail !
Technically correct , Dromiceiomimus !
The answer has something to do with quantum physics , right ?
Sure ! WHY NOT .
Chip , quantum physics allows the collapse of particle superpositions from high - energy nonlocalities , which can result in emergent , time - symmetric , non - deterministic behaviour .
That kinda sounded like just a bunch of buzzwords .
Really ? BUT HOW CAN YOU SAY FOR SURE ? ?
How can you POSSIBLY KNOW whether or not I'm BSing or not without researching the field yourself , and then once you know it intimately , emailing me the correct answer ? ?
Hah !
I'd sincerely like that to see THAT , please ! !
Too many emails ?
Not enough sexy Snapchats ? ?
Solve both problems with my email to sexy Snapchat converter !
Our top - of - the - line NLP heuristics can convert ANY email - even the most non - sexy of work emails ! - into Snapchat with an enthusiastically consenting naked person in it . Thrill as guideline updates become guideSEXY updates ! And live in the joy of knowing that every email you receive can be viewed for only a few seconds before it's deleted forever !
My friend , this is clearly ideal and has no possible downsides for reading email !
Thank you !
However - what about answering them ?
Dude . IT WORKS BOTH WAYS . You can take a naked selfie and it'll convert that to " Sounds good , let's follow up next week . "
IT'S PERFECT ; EMAIL IS SOLVED FOREVER
I don't want to oversell it , but when we can all communicate via naked selfies we will have finally realized the full potential of our species .
Motion passes
There can be no further argument
YES , okay ? YES . I AM BAD AT REMEMBERING NAMES .
And MAYBE it's time to stop apologizing for it ! !
How about we just ACCEPT that some people have this brain thing where when a person says " Hi my name is Kat " they WILL reply " Hi Kat , nice to meet you " and they WILL forget the existence of the name " Kat " before they've finished saying it ?
AND MAYBE WE SHOULD CELEBRATE THEM FOR THAT ? ?
Name - forgetting pride ?
YES ! Yes , no more shame ! !
And maybe some name - forgetting acceptance , huh ? Maybe instead of " Hey , pop quiz : WHAT'S MY NAME ? " , say " So my friend said to me " Kat , which is your name , how are you today ? "
Wait , someone pop quizzed you on their name ?
IT HAPPENED : I HAVE NOT SPOKEN TO HER SINCE
I THINK HER NAME WAS , I WANNA SAY " PETE "
BUT LIKE , " WOMAN PETE " ? ?
WHO KNOWS : I AM EXACTLY THE WRONG PERSON TO SAY
HOW TO BUILD A YOU
Building a you is simple , mainly because everything you are runs on simple hardware we call " a weird lump of alive fatty meat " , or " brain " !
This ( as we all know ) stands for " Biological Reasoning And Intelligence Network " !
Now just slap that bad boy into a mobility suit made of meat with an alive skeleton inside it ! Scientists call 'em " Biological Organic Domiciles for Intelligent Entities , Serioulsy " , or " bodies " . Each enables its " brain " to walk around and interact with its environment , etc , while also providing some protection for the " brain " by raising it off the dirty , dirty ground .
You mentioned " brains " are made of fatty meat . Are backups to more reliable hardware offered ?
Nope !
Also there is no consideration for replacements or refunds in the case of design flaws , hardware failures , or software issues .
So each " you " meets at the intersection of irreplacible and fragile , and there is no recourse .
Don't be sad ! Remember our slogan : You Be You ! ?
IT'S MANDATORY .
Characters in video games are crazy .
They're crazy , you guys !
Let us consider one Super Mario , esquire !
WE ALL KNOW HIS DEAL . He's a heroic guy who saves princesses . He's universally known for how good he is at running , jumping , and PARTICULARLY at tanooki cosplay . And yet , watch someone play his game , and you'll see the reality of Mario : he's a guy who - IN THE SPACE OF FIVE SECONDS - will accidentally knock a turtle shell into himself , get injured , mistime a jump , fall into a pit , and DIE .
My Mario has barely even saved the princess !
Exactly ! !
How many Marios have quit part - way through because it's " too hard " or " got kinda boring " ? Some hero ! !
Fascinating ! You're arguing video game characterization can come mainly from PREMISE rather than plot , since the player will , without realizing , ascribe non - canonicity to their own adventure !
Uh , yes ! That smart insight was exactly what I was going to say , and I was definitely NOT leading up to the conclusion that Mario sucks and should be replaced by ME , T - Rex .
Yes
For I too enjoy being smart
Parents ! Have you named your offspring yet ? ? Because if not , good news :
I have some UNSOLICITED OPINIONS about what you should name your offspring !
The sad fact of the matter is , we all spend a lot of time writing our name , and most of us have finite lifetimes . If ONLY we were given names that could be compressed to initials without losing any semantics , am I right ? All the ladies names " H ? l ? ne " know what I'm talking about !
" LN " ?
PRECISELY .
Like how every guy named " Petey " has a fuller and objectively better life when he goes by " PT " !
For sure !
Emilys got it pretty good with " MLE " which is impressive because it also stands for " Me ? Lady Emily " . If you are named " Kate " and not writing it " K8 " , you are ABSOLUTELY not living up to your innate potential .
Don't you mean . . . N8 POTENTIAL ? ?
FRIG , YES , I DID
Happy " T - Rex Missed The Chance To Make A Pun " Day
Attention , everyone ! !
I HATE THIS DAY
DINOSAUR COMICS STRESSFUL PROBLEM GENERATOR
Need a stressful problem ? Check it !
Your problem is a ( n ) . . .
flooded / dying / explosive / poisonous / vengeful / understated / parasitic
basement / god / bicycle / friend / bus / secret / relationship / sex move / skeleton
My problem is an understated sex move ?
. . .
. . . Yeah , makes sense .
Apparently , MY problem is a poisonous basement !
oh no !
Well now you need to : walk it off / deal with it / ignore it forever / move to a new town where nobody knows you .
I'll take the latter . Goodbye forever , T - Rex !
We had a good run !
LATER
I'm back ! The problem was fake and my basement is just a regular basement !
Yaaaaay , imagination
One day Captain Kirk , who was the captain of the Starship Enterprise , which was a Constitution - class Starfleet vessel , which had been refit in the year 2270 ,
which was really more of a complete rebuild as the new ship was dozens of meters longer ,
which was currently headed towards the Neutral Zone , which was a three - dimensional expanse of space left as a buffer between the Federation and Klingon Empires , which were a race of aliens whose warrior caste had bumpy foreheads , which was a relatively new development as when they first appeared they were smooth foreheads , which were because of Klingon genetic engineering experiments based on the human research which had produced Khan ,
which was a genetically superior " superman " who had tried to take over Earth ,
which had not gone well ,
which had resulted in him being put in stasis where he remained until he was discovered by Captain Kirk , which is the person this sentence is about , was talking to Spock about space .
Huh ?
Kirk's talking to Spock .
About space .
You ever think you're putting in too much backstory in one sentence ?
Uh , EXCUSE ME , but deep knowledge of canon only adds to the appreciation of scifi properties !
I don't -
WHEN ALL CASUAL FANS ARE NERD
THEY WILL THANK ME
Did you know there are only seven different stories ? It's true ! All stories are variations on these narratives !
Anyway whatever , SPOILER ALERT , here they are !
RAGS TO RICHES : someone poor gets some money . Imagine if it was you ? ?
THE QUEST : someone left a thing somewhere and someone else goes to get the thing . It's like an RPG fetch quest , but instead of doing it , you have to read !
BOY MEETS BOY : two boys meet and maybe they have some shared interests : let's find out
BOY LOSES BOY : the classic mountaineering story wherein someone gets lost .
AND MAYBE DIES ? ?
BOY GETS BOY AGAIN : okay , he didn't die after all .
HUMAN VS . HUMAN : these stories are only good if you want to read about humans , a very dicey proposition . Once the public sees that EVERY STORY about humans could be about dinosaurs instead , this market will collapse .
Why would anyone want to read about humans ? They're like us , but smaller and with more boring bodies .
Oh gross ! !
I , uh -
I think I stepped on one back there ? ?
In my life I've been a leader , doer of machines , AND cool but crude party dude . And now , I add another role to that list :
Reluctant explainer that " life experience degrees " are a fake idea to my weird cousin !
It seems obvious that no authentic educational institution would award a degree on such credentials , and if they did , those degrees wouldn't be worth anything . Nut try explaining that to someone thousands of dollars deep into one : it's like talking to someone in a pyramid scheme , multi - level marketing , AND / OR cult !
They're convinced they've found a cheat code for reality , so the rest of us are just jealous .
That's it !
Well , I guess when they're discovered and their career implodes . . . you'll get to say " I told you so " ?
Man , who wants to say " I told you so " ? ? All I want to say is " CONGRATS ON YOUR HONEST SUCCESS , DEAR FRIEND , AND i'M SO GLAD WE'RE EATING FRIED CHICKEN PARTS TO CELEBRATE " .
* sigh *
It is the # 1 best sentence it is possible to say
You want to know the secret to dieting ? I'll tell you ! The secret to dieting is NOT that losing weight is hard .
It is that eating is fun and delicious and let's go eat some food right now ! !
We've evolved to find food FRIGGIN' TASTY , but YOU TOO can balance that out by remembering how gross eating is ! Remember : eating is when you dig something out of the DIRTY , DIRTY GROUND and cram it inside your FACE . And if it doesn't fit ? NO PROBLEM , just use parts of your SKULL that are EXTRUDING OUT THROUGH YOUR GUMS to break it down into smaller pieces .
That actually sounds awesome , yo ! I might go do that RIGHT NOW .
Yeah , it's super metal ! Step 1 : CRUSH FOOD WITH SKULL EXTRUSIONS .
Dude ! I'm trying to make it sound gross !
Hey , when you're done eating , you know what happens ? You push out WASTE through a HOLE in your BODY . A HOLE , Utahraptor .
Yeah man : poopin ! Love it . Do it all the time .
Eating's the gift that keeps on giving !
EATING RULES
Attention , world ! !
Uh , my life was WAY EASIER before this sassy banner followed me around all the time
If there was a problem , yo , I'll solve it , check out ?
I KEEP SEEING BAD MOVIES
Solution : only see movies with good ratings ! !
If both critical AND audience reviews are positive , check it out ! Otherwise : STEER CLEAR . Tada !
Won't the result be someone who knows only popular things ?
Yes ! Popular things . . . a . k . a THE BEST THINGS ? ? Why listen to ALL music when you can just grab the " Greatest Hits of [ WHATEVER , PICK A DECADE ] " album and save some friggin' time ? ?
Sometimes I can't tell when you're being sarcastic .
Who wants to hear RUNNER - UP hits ?
Dude , you're just going to produce a person who likes everything everyone else likes , who only knows the same stories everyone else knows , who only has popular opinions ?
And let me stop you right there , because THAT SOUNDS SO GREAT . I'm SO TIRED of my friggin' unpopular opinions !
I think bacon is just okay ! I think captioned cat pics are funnier with proper grammar ! I think the Star Wars prequels are indistinguishable from the other ones !
YOU ARE A MONSTER
See ? SEE ?
I HAVE TO LIVE EVERY DAY LIKE THIS
Our bones are buried
like rocks
our last words
written all over :
" You were not the first "
" Wou will not be the last "
" Your world is ancient , full of mystery "
" bequeathed by those who got here first "
" and who knew
when to peace the fuck out . "
Luke Skywalker gripped his lightsaber tightly and scowled . " I'll ask you one last time , " he said through clenched teeth . " And if you know what's good for you , you'll answer . Tell me why you're here . . .
. . . AGENT MULDER . "
Agent Mulder from TV's X - Files went forward in time to when there's wars between the very stars themselves ?
Pfft . NO , he went BACK in time . He set his time machine to " long ago , far away " and ended up here . No wait ! ! The CIGARETTE SMOKING MAN set the controls to that .
Are you writing this live ?
NO , obviously not !
Oh . That's too bad . If you were , I was gonna say Luke and Mulder should bond over their shared belief in a ( or . . . THE ? ) " force " which has long invisibly manipulated events , while Scully could bring skepticism to the resistance .
Frig , man . That's not bad .
She also brings cell phone technology , which would allow the resistance to tactically outmanoeuvre the Empire , using texting to ensure information superiority .
Good news , Utahraptor ! It's not too late for me to throw away my story and plagiarize yours ! !
Hello , my name is T - Rex and I'm a boy !
POP QUIZ , hotshot :
HOW DO YOU KNOW THAT'S REALLY TRUE ? ?
Because . . . you're clearly the world's # 1 best and most - qualified authority on you , so I'd obviously trust what you're talking about . Also , if I did suspect you were SECRETLY a girl , it's not like I could ever prove you wrong . I can't DEBATE you into a gender identity .
Good answer , Dromiceiomimus ! I award you . . . TEN POINTS .
Honestly , I think it would be more fun if you WEREN'T such a boy !
Explain !
Well , gender's expressed through presentation , and you present as boy all the time . It's just a little . . . boring , you know ?
What ? ! My gender identity isn't BORING ! !
Sure , fine ! I guess there's nothing more interesting than " boy presenting as boy " ! ! TELL ME MORE .
DON'T FEEL BAD DUDE VANILLA IS DEFINITELY THE MOST INTERESTING OF FLAVOURS
SECOND ONLY TO THE RICH COMPLEX FLAVOUR OF A BOWL OF PLAIN ROOM TEMPERATURE WATER
These disses ! They're almost TOO sick ! !
T - REX I MAY HAVE BEEN WRONG TO CALL VANILLA BORING
Oh ?
THE FLAVOUR I MEAN
. . . Oh .
TURNS OUT IT'S REALLY COMPLEX OR WHATEVER
Dude !
You didn't know this before ? God . You're GOD , God .
YEAH I KNOW BUT IT'S LIKE WHO WANTS TO REMEMBER EVERYTHING ALL THE TIME .
Y'ALL GET MAD WHEN IT'S 3 AM AND YOUR BRAIN REMINDS YOU OF HOW YOU EMBARRASSED YOURSELF A DECADE AGO
IMAGINE THAT BUT WITH EVERYTHING EVER
So what - you have offline storage that you load into memory ?
SURE WHY NOT
Huh ?
Yesterday God said vanilla's boring and now he's saying it's actually good .
Hey , did you know vanilla is the world's second - most expensive spice ?
I do now ! God , remember everything about vanilla and tell me the most interesting fact !
THE EXCRETION OF SACS NEAR BEAVER'S ANAL GLANDS ARE USED AS A CHEAP SUBSTITUTE FOR VANILLA TASTE AND CAN LEGALLY BE LISTED IN INGREDIENTS AS " NATURAL FLAVOUR "
Okay !
. . . Now help me forget everything about vanilla ever ; thanks in advance
Here is a fact , sometimes we love a thing , and then that thing isn't there anymore .
This causes us to experience an emotion called " grief " !
Terrific , right ? Every time we love something we know we're setting ourselves up for one of two conclusions : we'll eventually feel grief when that thing is gone , or maybe , just maybe , we'll DIE FIRST and leave everyone else to feel grief instead .
Yaaaaaay
There's a third option , my friend !
Oh , perfect ! Just what I'm looking for . Lay it on me !
Gradually stop loving that thing just a little bit more each day , ideally without even noticing ! Then one fine day you'll wake up and realize there's no grief ahead of you anymore , but only a grey , blank indifference .
Can't wait , dude ! But in the meantime , I've the following demands :
1 ) Ability to stop being sad on demand
2 ) No regret allowed between hours of 10pm and 4am
3 ) All good emotions felt all the time forever
4 ) THANKS IN ADVANCE
Ten years ago peeps were like , " hey , I have a great idea : let's use computers to talk to our pals and call it 'social networking' ! " And we were all like " hey , great idea , I've been looking for something to do with this computer anyway ! "
Then SOMEONE shouted " also , let's count AND publicly reveal how many friends everyone has ! "
So now we live in a world of QUANTIFIED FRIENDSHIP , Dromiceiomimus . A world of almost involuntary HARD NUMBERS added to what was previously just a vague impression . Did you know I'm less popular than the guy who invented the phrase " butt stuff " ?
I mean , yeah , I would've assum - -
BECAUSE I AM .
T - Rex , it's just a number on a website .
It's a popularity contest ! WORLDWIDE ! !
Dude , if you really think like that , then maybe you need to " unplug " for a bit . Spend some time " IRL " with your " meatspace " friends .
Stop talking like that .
You might rediscover some old " likes " - and maybe even some new " favs " !
And hey , while you're " AFK " , feel free to " AMA " about unplugging from your phone for a while ! Sure , our " baud " may be a little slower , but we've got " kilobytes " of heart !
ARGH !
I know you know how to not talk like that ! !
Are you tired of nobody caring about your " tweets " on Twitter dot com ? Oh no ! Have you become gradually aware that you're " tweeting " into a vast void of quiet indifference ?
OH NO !
Luckily there's a solution that'll give your innermost thoughts ( posted for free on a for - profit privately - owned corporate platform ) more # viral # traction ! The answer , friends and neighbours , is PREFIXED and SUFFIXED PHRASES .
Try " As a ( n ) x " or " If I die tomorrow , my last words will be : " in front , and for afterwards " AND I VOTE . " or " RT if you disagree OR agree ! "
So where I might normally say " I think chicken wings are gross and stupid ! ! " . . .
. . . now I'd say " As a mommy blogger , I think chicken wings are gross and stupid . AND I VOTE . "
Exactly !
And wow , is there a Twitter machine around here ? Because that's something I'd love to " re - tweet " ! !
BUT SECRETLY :
Wow ! Never has a single sentence made me want to run and hide from its speaker more than right now , in this very moment ! !
WHILE ALSO CRAMMING CHICKEN WINGS INTO MY MOUTH
You know what'd be a big pain ? Translating all our many and varied laws into a new language . And you know what'd be an even bigger pain ? Picking another new language and doing it all again !
Anway GUESS WHAT , that's what England did because of reasons !
They had 'em in Latin , rewrote them all in French , and then rewrote them all AGAIN in English . And when this translating job was going on , the lawyers wanted to make sure there was no meaning lost , so in the English laws they'd use synonyms originally from Latin or French to ensure they were absolutely clear . So on top of saying " cease " , they'd add " and desist " !
On top of will , " and testament " !
Exactly !
Break and enter , aid and abet , lewd and lascivious , law and order , terms and conditions , null and void , free and clear : our legalspeak is so wordy because our laws were translated multiple times , and the translators , as lawyers , wanted to cover their butts .
Hey , are you thinking what I'm thinking ? ?
Put " to have and to hold " at the start and it's the complete story of our weekend ! !
Incidentally , how come we don't get invited to more weddings ? ?
Dude , I have NO IDEA .
I have taken the time and considered the matter carefully and have concluded the following : yes , my idea IS awesome !
I speak of course of my remake of Jurassic Park !
But this time let's fix it , okay ? Let's drop the LEAST AWESOME elements ( the humans , OBVIOUSLY ) and let's make JURASSIC PARK starring ONLY DINOSAURS . Dinosaurs bring back other dinosaurs , dinosaurs attack , some dinosaurs eat some dinosaurs , and at the end ? Dinosaurs escape the island via helicopter .
LET'S DO THIS
Why are we bringing back other dinosaurs ?
BECAUSE WE FOUND OUT WHAT DNA IS , duh .
Nothing else needs to change ! Dino doctor finds DNA from extinct dinosaurs , brings 'em back , forgets about chaos theory . It's perfect ! Only instead of everyone in the audience falling asleep when a human shows up just to tell the other humans what a bad idea this was , they're dinosaurs instead .
LATER , T - REX'S MOVIE DOESN'T GET MADE
Of course ! All I failed to realize was that if my movie existed then no other film need ever again be made , as the medium of motion picture will have , at last , achieved perfection !
A'doy ! !
" The best part of Terminator movies are the non - robot characters who never even travel through time " - NOBODY .
NOBODY HAS EVER SAID THAT
So , uh , we all know there's no reason to keep acting like some REALLY IMPORTANT person said this , right ? Why are we still making movies about non - robots who aren't even made out of living liquid metal ?
WE CLEARLY HAVE THE TECHNOLOGY TO HAVE LIVING LIQUID METAL ROBOTS IN ALL MOVIES NOW .
You want Terminator without the humans ?
Yep ! YESTERDAY .
Robots send robots back in time to kill AND / OR SAVE the motherboard of the robot that will one day prevent robots from overthrowing robots . YES . I am SO DOWN .
They'll be all , " GOTO TEN IF YOU WANT TO LIVE "
" I SWEAR I WILL NOT KILL - 9 ANYONE "
" I KNOW NOW WHY YOU CRY , BUT IT'S SOMETHING I HAVE NO INTEREST IN EVER DOING "
T - REX CONTINUES HIS MISSION TO REMOVE HUMANS FROM MOVIES :
Turns out it's really expensive to get the rights to remake movies ! But GOOD NEWS :
Turns out it's really cheap just to illegally mess with them on your computer !
I therefore am now creating FIXED FILMS , wherein all the humans have been digitally removed , leaving only backgrounds behind them !
So most of movies consist of quiet , contemplative scenes of landscapes , with only background noises behind them ?
YES . Sometimes there's car chases too though ! Empty cars chase empty cars until one crashes , its doors open up , and nothing happens !
What about when you don't know what the background looks like ?
There I'll sub in some dinosaurs !
They'll be positioned like humans though , so they match the sillouette .
Like this ?
Yeah ! !
Hi , I'm a human ! I have a wiry extrustion that slowly pushes through my skin no matter what ! I call it " hair ! "
Perfect ! !
I named myself " homo sapiens sapiens " which stands for " smart smart human " ! We all thought that was a good idea ! I'm on the endangered species list under " LEAST CONCERN " because if I go extinct then by god , everyone else is too ! !
Utahraptor , pull it back ! ! YOU'VE GONE FULL HUMAN
DID YOU KNOW : the point at which Mercury is closest to the sun changes ? DID YOU ALSO KNOW : the point at which Jupiter is closest to the sun rotates too , at a different rate ?
I know this sounds boring but it ends with EVERYBODY DYING so stay with me !
Voting ! It's important , I guess .
People who get their jobs through voting think it's real important , anyway !
And everyone only gets one vote , because we all agreed that it's fair if everyone gets a say even if the result is majority ( i . e . , MOB ? ? ) rule ! Plus we thought that , for god's sake , it was at least better than the alternative , which was doing whatever the rich and powerful tell us to .
Makes sense !
SEEMED LIKE A GOOD IDEA AT THE TIME , right ? ?
And yet , people's opinions can be influenced !
. . . Yes .
And this influence can be done through advertising , and ads cost money , THEREFORE the rich can buy an outsized say in any election . And buying votes this way is impossible to stop . . . UNLESS WE DESTROY CAPITALISM ? ?
Well frig , I don't have any plans this weekend ! !
MONDAY MORNING :
Aw frig , I knew it ! I JUST KNEW IT .
I knew I kept forgetting to destroy SOMETHING
Hey there teens yeah you know me / The name's T - Rex and I'm cool as can be ! / And this is me gettin' down on one knee / Cause I'm here to rap about monogamy !
Now when you walk around the school / you just might chance to see
Some " cool cat " sucka tryin' take you for a fool / sellin' you on polyamory . / That's where instead of one sweetie / You get a whole bunch of partners , like two or three !
And you kiss on 'em all , it might seem so great / But before you do that , try one gamy on your plate ! / Just one gamy : " mono " , you see / it's worked out really quite well for me
I don't mean to brag , I don't mean to boast / but when it comes to exclusive commitment I've got the most !
SAY WHAT ?
Dear GOD : you're rapping about how cool monogamy is . You've unleashed the anti - rap : DAD RAP . Next you'll be rapping about the money you save with the great interest rate you negotiated on your home equity line of credit !
Pfft . You're just jealous .
BUT SOON :
You want to get with me you better get in line / Cause I'm only ever kissing one person at a time ! / And when I kiss it's so sublime / Cause you're kissing on someone who got 0 . 25 % above prime
I love in old Star Trek episodes where Spock goes around saying " computers don't make mistakes " . I love that his lines were written by someone who clearly had never touched a computer .
Computers screw up all the time , yo !
And don't give me that " they only make mistakes if they're programmed to " garbage . I had a computer with a faulty HDD controller , so random bits would get flipped on random files all the time . It made my photos DECAY , getting slightly worse every time I looked at them , until they weren't readable at all .
That computer made some friggin mistakes !
That beautiful faith that , despite all that we are , one day we'll overcome our problems and flaws and inner nature and actually bring something pure and faultless and more perfect than ourselves into this world .
It's a wonderful idea .
Hooray for fiction : The Place Where We Imagined What Things Would Be Like If We Were Better Than We Are ! ( TM )
And Also If There Were Robot Men Who Would Be Our Friends ( TM ) !
And Also That ( TM )
THE SIX STAGES OF PHYSICAL EXERCISE
STAGE 1 : THIS IS GREAT
I say , what a delightful day to do some friggin' physical exercise !
STAGE 2 : THIS IS IMPOSSIBLE
EXERCISE = THE WORST THING TO USE A BODY FOR
STAGE 3 : THIS IS ACTUALLY FINE
Look at me , Dromiceiomimus ! I'm doing physical exercise ! Got a good rhythm going too ! I'm one of those healthy guys you see who have nice bodies eventually !
Would you say . . . you could keep this pace up INDEFINITELY ?
ABSOLUTELY AND WITHOUT HESITATION
STAGE 4 : WHAT AM I DOING , AND WHY
AHHH huhhh AHHHHH huhhhh
Classic Stage 4 !
STAGE 5 : EXERCISE , AT LAST , OVER
I exercised harder and longer than I have before , and I was so hot , and I was dying , and I wanted to die . I WANTED it . In my heart of hearts . . . I welcomed death , Utahraptor .
Do you feel good for having done it ?
Hah hah hah ! ! NOPE
STAGE 6 : FORGETFULNESS
I love exercise ! Strenuous physical activity is fun and makes you feel good !
WHy does everyone keep saying these obviously false things ? What , is it Stockholm Syndrome ?
YOU TAKE THAT BACK
A cool way to learn stuff is to pick a very small subject and then learn every single thing there is to know about that tiny subject .
This is sometimes called " getting a PHD " !
But if you don't have A FULL DECADE OF YOUR LIFE TO BURN ON A PhD , HAH HAH HAH , you can always choose a smaller topic ! For example , instead of studying " 20th century English literature " , you could instead study " watching fun cartoons " .
Is there a tenure path in " watching fun cartoons " ?
My best information on this matter is . . . WHO CARES , LET'S WATCH MORE FUN CARTOONS ?
But if I spent my time in school I'd get a degree at the end !
Yes . AND ? ?
Well , it's just that showing off a degree from a reputable instituion can impress prospective employers , while showing off a note from my mom that says " he watched a lot of fun cartoons " could actually get me fired from any job I already have .
THE END

The time : 4th century BCE , a . k . a . " history times " ! The place : GREEKTOWNE 2000 , which is what Greece May have been called in those days , assuming all records of this name have all been lost or destroyed since then .
Anyway , a woman named Agnodice lived there .
She wanted to be a doctor , but female doctors were illegal . So she dressed up as a man and said " Hello fellow male doctors " and it was enough to pass ! She became a doctor and one day a woman was in labour and needed help , bur she didn't want a man to touch her . Agnodice revealed her true gender to her and treated her successfully ! And word spread between women and soon lots of them were going to her , as she was the only female doctor around .
The dude doctors didn't like this ?
NOPE !
So they put her on trial for seducing women . Then she revealed she WAS a woman , which got her in more trouble ! But then the women she'd treated showed up , praised her , and sasses their husbands for hassling her , and unlike EVERY OTHER HISTORY STORY , this one ends with Agnodice being acquitted and the law being changed .
History : It's not all awful !
One time , two millenia ago it was pretty okay !
There was one time a while back it was pretty okay
I don't want to alarm anyone , but we're all aware of BOTULISM , right ? Like , we've all done cursory research into botulism , yeah ?
I ASK ONLY BECAUSE IT'S THE NEUROTOXIN YOU CAN GROW AT HOME ? ?
BY ACCIDENT ?
It's one of the most lethal toxins we know , and it's EVERYWHERE . It's SUFFUSED the dirt that's all around us , WAITING . The ONLY THING that's saving us ( SO FAR ) is that it can't grow when exposed to oxygen , unlike US , who usually ONLY grow when exposed to oxygen !
But we can grow it in home preserves , right ?
Oh , sure ! NO PROBLEM !
And heads up : boiling your food doesn't actually kill the botulism spores : it just removes the toxic bacteria growing out of them . You don't kill botulism . You just POSTPONE it . BOTULISM ABIDES .
Oh well ! Looks like I'm never eating any foods again ever ! !
PROS OF EARTH : beautiful , good place to live , lots of trees and clouds !
CONS OF EARTH : botulism everywhere , sometimes too hot or cold , and again I cannot stress this enough : botulism everywhere
It's the 50s ! Sputnik has just orbited above the United States and peeps are FREAKING OUT . America wants to win the space race , and comes up with two options . OPTION ONE : create NASA , send men into space . Option 2 :
NUKE THE FRIGGIN' MOON .
This plan has a lot of benefits ! It's cheap , America already has the missiles and nukes lying around anyway , and a nuclear explosion on the moon WILL be visible from Earth . Plus it'd show those Reds who's boss !
" My fellow Americans : totally check out the moon tonight , but I can't tell you why because it's a surprise . Also , the hated Soviets should look too . "
EXACTLY .
So what happens next in your alternate history ?
" Alternate " ? What ?
This happened , dude . Project A119 . CARL SAGAN worked on it . It only got cancelled when they couldn't guarantee the nuke wouldn't miss and fall back to Earth , and they also got kinda worried somehow - SOMEHOW - nuking the moon would not be the PR coup they'd hoped .
The 20th century , huh ?
THE 20TH CENTURY , PERSONIFIED :
Hi , I represent the 20th century ! In the space of almost 50 years we invented planes , TV , helicopters , digital computers , nukes AND spaceships !
So YEAH
WE WENT A LITTLE CRAZY
The number 0 is interesting because it's the only number we've got that you can't divide by without causing a black hole .
And 1 is interesting because it's so lonely ! The loneliest of all numbers , I'VE heard .
2's interesting because it's the first positive even number , and 3's interesting because it's out closest single - digit approximation for pi and that's especially useful if you don't really care about pi !
Like teens !
It's true ! MANY teens don't care about pi ; it is a fact al mathematicians must admit in their heart of hearts ! !
But as you know , we've got infinite numbers ! They're our only infinitely - renewable natural resource !
True !
And you might say , hey , EVENTUALLY one of 'em has to be boring . But that leads to paradox : our first boring number becomes interesting BECAUSE it's our first boring number ! Therefore , proof by contradiction , there's no such thing as a boring number , all numbers are interesting , and math is so cool .
Actually your proof falls apart if you rigorously define " interesting " , and -
Silence ! !
THANKS FOR THE LINK
a webcard for people who are online all the time
and whose friends are FRIGGIN' CASUALS
Thanks for the link !

[ ] and I love you baby but i'm running out of ways to say " wow neat " to something i have ALREADY SEEN
[ ] so what , you want me to pretend I haven't seen it ? You want me to LIE ?
On second thought ERASE ALL THAT , and I instead would like to say :
Science tells us that English has OVER 350 different words , but sometimes een those aren't enough !
HOW TO INVENT NEW WORDS
Luckily , inventing new words is easy . Hey , here's one : " boner " .
That's clearly an existing word , T - Rex .
As a noun , PERHAPS . But now it exists as a verb , too : " I bonered out of here ! I bonered out of here like a bat bonering out of boner hell . " It's
It's an adjective now too ? ?
You don't know your own word ?
I just haven't fully considered the implications !
Dude , I'm toying with ENGLISH HERSELF here . I don't want to mess it up , and then everyone says " Oh wow English sucks now , let's all learn Pinghua Chinese instead " .
Hey ! WHat's wrong with Pinghua ?
Nothing ! ! I just already learned English is all !
Is this . . . RACISMS ? ?
LATER :
* sigh *
Welp , I bonered the boner pret - ty damn boner today
T - REX's CANDIDATE :
" Pizzazz " is the worst word because all it does is remind you of pizza , usually when you're not eating pizza and can not immediately eat a pizza .
" THE WORST WORDS THAT PEPPER OUR VOCABULARIES "
DROMICEIOMIMUS'S CANDIDATE :
" Collectible " is the worst word because it simply means " having the ability to be collect " ( i . e . , EVERY SINGLE OBJECT THAT THERE " S MORE THEAN ONE OF ) , and the word is loved by companies who use it because they're too chicken to admit they manufacture itams which exist simply to be owned .
Dromiceiomimus : she's got opinions !
Sure do ! !
UTAHRAPTOR'S CANDIDATE :
Personally , I'VE always had a beef with " panties " .
Explain !
It's disgustingly juvenile , PLUS it's a waste of a word that could've otherwise been used to describe either wee baby pants or big panting aunts . Cheeses me off .
Fair enough ! Now all that remains is to see which of these three words is THE WORST WORD OF ALL TIME ! !
The WINNER : " PIZZAZZ "
Mainly since we've all bee thinking about pizza since I mentioned it !
AND EVERY SINGLE PANEL SINCE THEN HAS MENTIONED A PIZZA INGREDIENT
That too
One day scientists invent a way to download our entire brains into robot bodies !
This is great news for us who are tired of our fleshy , noticeably non - robotic bodies !
Once you convert a brain into data , you can of COURSE back up and restore that data . So not only do people never die , but they can also be ROLLED BACK , restoring yourself to a previous version if you screw up !
Creepy !
Oh , it gets creepier ! Because data can also be COPIED , yo !
So you make copies of yourself ?
Sure . But also ? OTHER PEOPLE .
You date someone for fifteen years and then break up . No problem ! There's a robot with an old backup of your sweetie . Enjoy another good decade or so !
Eugh .
You've creeped yourself out ? NO WORRIES . Just restore YOURSELF too . Save scum your own life !
Thanks to robots , love can now technically last forever !
Wait . is " technically " a pun there ?
Technically , yes .
I toss you some crayons and ask you to draw me a picture of a grassy field on a clear day with the sun shining down from above . POP QUIZ , HOTSHOT : which colour crayons do you use ?
Green , blue , and yellow , right ?
Only that's crazy ! That's COMPLETELY CRAZY . The grass is green and the sky is blue , sure , but the sun isn't YELLOW . It's white . It's like , the DEFINITION of white light .
Oh my god , I was gonna say " yellow " .
I KNOW , RIGHT ? Everyone says yellow , even though the fact that's a lie is LITERALLY as obvious as the sun in the sky !
I am tripping several balls right now , T - Rex ! !
Copious balls are being tripped over here too ! !
You know what's TRIPPIER STILL ?
NOBODY KNOWS WHY THIS IS SO . Some say it's because wood burns yellow , so like cavemen we believe " strange sky fire ball " is the same colour . Others think it's because the sun IS briefly yellow at sunset - a time FAMOUS for atmospheric distortion of light and colour - and we just assume it's always like that .
Personally , I believe that the entire planet thinking the sun isn't white is but a side - effect of an eldritch curse on us all , one which keeps us from remembering something horrible ! !
Huh ? What ?
Oh hah hah
Nevermind ! !
God , you're basically like a super hero , right ?
YEAH MAN I GOT ALL THE SUPERPOWERS
MEGA STRENGTH
FLIGHT
LASER VISION
THE WORKS
ALSO I CAN MAKE IT SO ANIMALS TALK
Say WHAT ? !
YEAH DUDE IN THE BIBLE I'M LIKE " HEY DONKEY YOU CAN TALK NOW THANK ME LATER "
" OR RIGHT NOW IF YOU WANT SINCE YOU CAN TOTALLY TALK NOW "
So - wait . Does the animal develop vocal cords ? An inferior frontal gyrus in their brains to handle syntactic processing ?
I'M GONNA SAY
SURE
WHY NOT
Why don't you do this ALL THE TIME ? I'd LOVE to talk to animals !
What's this ?
Did you know that , CANONICALLY , God can make animals talk whenever he wants ?
I thought that dude was supposed to be able to do anything .
Yeah , but - talking animals ! Why doesn't he do that all the time ? We could chat up EVERY ANIMAL EVER .
MEANWHILE , IN A PARALLEL UNIVERSE :
I'm gonna pierce your skin and consume your blood !
This was bad enough before you could talk , mosquitos !
We're using language to hunt in packs and are developing technology
DANG IT
HOW TO LOSE WEIGHT
Exercise more , eat fewer foods , and enjoy an active and healthy lifestyle !
NOW LET'S ASSUME THAT'S ALL BORING AND STUPID
Oooh , let's ! !
What we need is a BETTER way to lose weight . And I'm no scientician , but I'm PRETTY SURE when you cry you're squirting matter out of your face . Matter which , I remind you , according to science MUST HAVE MASS AND THEREFORE WEIGHT HERE ON EARTH ? ?
You propose we lose weight by genetically altering our bodies so we cry fat instead of water ?
I was just gonna say we should cry all the time . That's way better ! !
But why stop there ? Why not sweat grease instead , so hot days make us skinnier AND tastier - smelling ?
Why not change our skin cells to be replaced faster , so we'll constantly lose weight by leaving gross dust cloud of dead skin flakes everywhere we go ? WHY NOT ALLOW OUR DIGESTIVE SYSTEMS TO OPERATE IN " FULL REVERSE " , EXTRACTING NUTRIENTS FROM OUR OWN BODIES SO THAT WE IGHT VOMIT UP PERFECTLY GOOD CHEESE - BURGERS ?
Utahraptor ! Are these questions rhetorical , or are you actually asking me for reason why we shouldn't do this ?
Because dude , I am comin' up EMPTY HANDED over here
ATTENTION EVERYONE : when I die , please erase everything I ever posted on social media !
THIS IS MY ONLY DYING WISH .
Except for my other dying wish , which'll probably be that I spent less time on social media !
And my OTHER dying wish , which'll be " MAN , I wish I wasn't dying right now . "
Don't forget " I wish I spent more time at the office ! That way I could've been more productive and achieved greater professional success . "
True ! That's an extremely common deathbed regret !
Not to mention " I wish I'd exercised less and eaten fewer vegetables , since it turns out I died anyway , wtf "
So true !
" I wish my brain could've been copied into a robot body with flamethrower hands . "
" I wish death was reversible but only for good people like me . "
" I wish the new Star Trek movie didn't establish you can beam to Qo'noS , because starships are now superfluous . "
" Also , I wish when the badly damaged Enterprise was falling to EARTH HERSELF they explained why nobody planetside tried to beam survivors off , because HELLO , surely Earth has such resources . "
# 1 WORST DEATHBED REGRET : today's winner
It's August . I love August ! EVERYONE loves August !
With that in mind , it's time for
FUN FACTS ABOUT AUGUST
Leo and Virgo are zodiac signs for August !
WOOOO !
The Perseid meteor shower usually happens in August !
HELL YEAH !
Every atomic bomb used in war was dropped in August !
Wh - -
. . . What ?
August is named after Augustus , who despite being a Roman emperor , still died alone . . . as must we all !
What ? WHAT ?
NEITHER OF THOSE FACTS ARE WOOWORTHY . I want FUN August facts , not -
If 1000 people died every day in August , 31 thousand people would be dead by the time the month is out !
THIS ISN'T EVEN A GOOD AUGUST FACT
The first communication satellite launched in August !
Finally ! WOOO !
Such satellites facilitate ubiquitous corporate and governmental suveillance across the planet .
DAMN IT , AUGUST
Let's say all vegetables are suddenly super nutritious , so it doesn't matter which one you eat .
The catch is you can only eat one vegetable for the rest of your life !
What are you gonna eat : carrots ? You will be so sick of them . Avocado ? Pfft , nice try , but guacamole does get old after a while . Give it some thought and you'll realize the obvious choice here : the potato .
Tired of eating 'em boiled ? Bake em !
Tired of baked ? Fry them !
Tired of fried ? ENJOY DELICIOUS CHIPS .
Plus , chips can be made to taste like OTHER foods ! !
And if I'm SOMEHOW tired of potato soup , salad , au gratin , hashed , chipped , stuffed , baked , mashed , fried , gnocchi AND latkes ?
Then enjoy them green , as you HAVE GIVEN UP ON LIFE AND ARE NOW ATTEMPTING SUICIDE BY SOLANINE , WHICH CAN BE DANGEROUSLY HIGH IN RAW GREEN POTATOES .
TOP THREE POTATO SLOGANS :
Potatoes : The tasty treat that grows beneath your feet !
Potatoes : No matter how you slice 'em , we're delicious !
Potatoes : ONLY THROUGH FIRE MAY OUR BODIES BE PURIFIED
I have patronized a local establishment so often that I'm now a regular ! I'm known by name ! I can walk in and the woman there will say " the usual , T - Rex ? " and I smile and nod like a cool guy ! !
IT'S JUST AS I'VE ALWAYS DREAMED !
Ooh , that IS impressive ! What's your usual order ; what kind of place is it ?
ohit'safriedchickenpartsstore
Sorry ?
IT'S A FRIED CHICKEN PARTS STORE , OKAY ?
I EAT SO MANY FRIED CHICKEN PARTS THAT I'M KNOWN TO THE FRIED CHICKEN PARTS AUTHORITIES
But fried chicken body parts are delicious , T - Rex ! There's no shame in it !
Isn't there ?
I pay people to slice up a chicken and fry its parts SO OFTEN that they know me by NAME .
Yeah , but that's a relationship ! The rest of us pay STRANGERS to butcher a chicken corpse , dunking its breaded parts in oil so that we might cram its flesh inside our bodies via our mouths .
Hey , I don't wanna sound weird , but do you want to go pay your friend money to induce her to give us fried chicken remains , so that we might pull their dead flesh off with our teeth and then swallow it ?
Dude !
ABSOLUTELY
It's history times and you're living in the Greco - Roman world ! And just like every other time ever , there are jerks here too .
Greco - Roman jerks ! !
In modern times we'd say " Hey ! Screw you too , buddy ! ! " to curse out these jerks , but the Greco - Romans did not mess around . They carved friggin' CURSE TABLETS .
What'd they say ?
Oh , just " I lost my gloves and ask that the thief responsible should lose their mind and eyes " ; the usual !
Both mind AND eyes ?
And that's just the entry - level curse , dude !
You'll read things like , " Lost my ring , may the thief not urinate nor defecate nor speak nor sleep , and may the gods consume their blood , eyes , and every limb , and also torture and kill their horses " and not even bat an eye .
Must've been some ring .
It probably wasn't .
Although , I do like the thought process that ended with " if an ACTUAL GOD EATS HIS LIMBS , this will solve my problem " .
YEAH THERE'S NOT MUCH CALL FOR THAT ANYMORE
And it's a good thing , right ?
I MEAN
I GUESS
I saw the best minds of my generation destroyed by madness , starving hysterical naked , dragging themselves through the updog streets at dawn
[ [ expectant silence ] ]
Whose woods these are I think I know / His house is in the village though / He will not see me updog here / To watch his woods fill up with snow !
Huh ?
My little horse must think it queer / To stop without an UPDOG near / Between the woods and frozen lake / The darkest evening of the year ? ?
In Xanadu did Kubla Khan / A stately UPDOG DOME decree ? ?
. . .
SHALL I COMPARE THEE TO AN UPDOG DAY ?
I ATE / THE PLUMS / THAT WERE IN / THE ICEBOX / AND WHICH / YOU WERE PROBABLY / SAVING / FOR BREAKFAST
FORGIVE ME / THEY WERE DELICIOUS
SO SWEET
AND SO UPDOG ? ?
What's . . . what's updog ?
FRIGGIN
FINALLY
Everyone ! EVERYONE ! I have made a startling discovery !
I was carefully reading the BIBLE . . .
's Wikipedia page
. . . and I discovered something shocking ! You know that apple that Eve eats because she was hungry and also recognized it's unreasonable to respect a law that is itself unreasonable ? ? well guess what ? THE BIBLE NEVER SAYS WHAT SHE EATS IS AN APPLE !
What is it ?
Who knows ! Some sort of fruit , could be anything ! There's definitely no time for details , when you're writing a BIBLE !
Plus , this was Eden ! LITERAL PARADISE . We don't have to limit ourselves to the fruits we know !
* gasp *
You're RIGHT ! Maybe it was a doughnut tree . Or POUTINE tree !
Or DELICIOUS MEAT tree !
Or a tree where the fruit is just a smaller version of the SAME tree , so you can have INFINITE TREES ! !
Wait , that's exactly what a regular fruit is , nevermind
There's a joke that says " to the lobsters in the kitchen , the sinking of the Titanic must've seemed like a miracle ! "
BUT DID IT ? ?
JOKEBUSTERS
featuring t - rex
First , the good news : fresh lobster WAS on the Titanic's menu , and the Titanic DID sink . The premise of this joke is sound .
Phew
I agree . However , the lobsters could've had theor claws bound or pegged , making survival impossible on the ocean floor . The sinking of the Titanic would not have changed this .
This is a pretty thin miracle so far .
Unfortunately , it gets worse .
Lobsters live in shallow water , and would be crushed to paste at oceanic depths . Finally , lobsters have a distributed network of ganglia instead of a centralized brain , which means conceiving of a god , let alone one that can conjure miracles , may well be beyond their abilities .
Their brains are so different that sensing how they experience the world , comprehanding their ineffable LOBSTERNESS : this forever will remain beyond our reach , the nature of our bodies denying any true mutual understanding .
But we do know that this joke is FRIGGIN' BUSTED
We've all had relationships that have gone south . But good news : as a man who has been in SEVERAL different relationships that only EVENTUALLY ended , I am absolutely qualified to answer and all relationship questions ! !
T - REX SOLVES YOUR RELATIONSHIP PROBLEMS
Our first letter comes from Wendy , who writes : " Dear T - Rex , sometimes I worry I'm TOO happy in my many successful and mutually satisfying relationships . Any advice ? About me being almost TOO happy and satisfied , I mean ? "
Wendy : why are you bragging ?
Come on , Wendy . The rest of us have problems here .
Next letter ?
Next letter !
Our next letter comes from Wendy , who writes : " Me again ! I've never been dumped : everyone loves me forever and that never changes . No question , just wanted to share ! "
Wendy ! !
FRIGGIN' WENDY . Alright , last letter !
" Wendy here : people say your breakups are a chance for personal growth , but I've discovered the best growth comes through deep interpersonal relationships that only get better and more fulfilling every day you share them . "
WENDY ! !
YOU ARE KILLING ME
Depending on when in their lives this happens , the " OH MY GOD " that escapes your lips could be one of the deepest sympathy OR terrific excitement !
SO YOUR FRIENDS ARE GETTING PREGNANT
a web card
Well , here's the new normal : your friends are going to talk about babies for the next several years . Are you interested in babies ? If yes , terrific ! If no , however , you'd better start learning how to pretend .
Here are some useful expressions to say when confronted with someone's baby !
" What a neat baby ! "
" This particular baby is definitely distinguishable from other babies ! "
" If there's one thing this planet needs , it's more of us running around the place ! "
" You're the champ at life choices , and this baby you're now responsible for for the next 18 years PROVES it ! "
NEVER MIND , JUST SAY " OH , WOW WHAT A CUTE BABY ! ! " LIKE EVERYONE ELSE DOES
Yeah definitely ?
definitely read to the end of this web card before putting any of this advice into action
One day everyone woke up to discover that the force holding atomic nuclei together had decreased slightly , from a strength of 0 . 007 to 0 . 006 .
This was very disappointing for a lot of reasons !
Not the least of which was the fact that suddenly changing this universal constant irrevocably altered both physics AND chemistry . No elements more complex than hydrogen could form . People's heads fell apart and / or exploded . Life across the entire universe ended in seconds .
A chilling tale , warning us all of the dangers of altering nucleonic binding force constants ! !
T - Rex , what the heck are you doing ? !
Talkin' , walkin' , little bit of stompin' ?
NO , you're revealing our universe's GREATEST WEAKNESS ! ! Now EVERYONE knows our one vulnerability !
Hah ! Dude , it's not just ONE . Adjust our gravitational constant and we'll ALL be crushed or fly apart .
STOP REVEALING THE UNIVERSE'S WEAK SPOTS ! !
LATER : ALTERING UNIVERSAL CONSTANTS IS TOO HARD FOR ANYONE TO ACCOMPLISH
Phew !
. . . SO FAR .
. . .
Whatever , I've had a good run
When misanthropic old man Chip finally does of old age , the last thing he expects is to come back as a little devil on his granddaughter's shoulder that only she can see ! But his grumpy words of wisdom live on , now that she's got . . .
A CHIP ON HER SHOULDER ? ?
When Facebook holds a competition to find not just the most popular person on their site , but the most popular FAMILY , Gerald and his adult son Steve decide to try to win the million dollar prize . But they soon find out that " going viral " is enough to make you sick ! You'll laugh along to the LOLs . . . on Like Father , Like Son .
These are both worthy competitors , but all will fall before MY entry !
Please , proceed !
When Henry Kissinger is blasted back in time and also to Switzerland , the last thing he expects is to fall deeply in love with Wilhelm Gorkeit of Tellikon , better known to history as " William Tell " . But he'll find himself doing a lot more than just holding hands . . . on Kiss and Tell .
Alright ! Now for the results of the " Who Can Invent The Best New Bible Story " competition !
THESE ARE ALL TERRIBLE THERE IS NO WINNER
Wow
Rising sea levels were threatening to drown coastal cities : the polar ice caps are melting !
Or rather , they WERE , until Superman blew on them with his freeze breath !
Oceanic levels dropped back to normal levels , and everything was great until we noticed how greenhouse emissions were causing warmer temperatures . The fate of the world again hangs in the balance !
Or rather , it WAS , until Superman pushed the planet slightly away from the sun , reducing temperatures back to their normal levels !
But moving a planet was akin to creating a global earthquake , causing massive structural collapse .
DANG IT !
Uh , " Dang it " Superman said , fixing the buildings at super speed before they fell over all the way .
Meanwhile , the hole he'd created by pushing FIVE SEPTILLION KILOGRAMS with his BARE HANDS went all the way to the planet's core , causing it to explode outwards in a huge , terrible volcano .
Everyone died as the planet broke apart , and Superman moved to a new planet and told everyone there that his old planet Krypton exploded " for no reason " and that he definitely only got his powers when he showed up here , THE END .
NO MORAL
Entropy is always increasing ! That's how come when you throw a bunch of garbage into a hurricane , a fully assembled hovercar doesn't pop out the other end .
OR DOES IT ? ?
LATER :
Nope , definitely doesn't !
Anyway , the reason WE'RE here on Earth is that it's powered by the sun , so we have all this energy to create local pockets of order ( a . k . a . our rockin' bods ) in an otherwise chaotic system ( the cold , uncaring universe that will not notice our deaths and shall never grieve us ) . But . . . WHAT IF THAT WASN'T THE CASE ? ? What if the universe had the equivalent of a universe - sun outside it , powering everything , allowing entropy to always DECREASE ?
Imagine : a universe tending towards ORDER rather than chaos ! A utopia where DESTROYING is harder than creating !
Sure !
That sounds great NOW , but wait until you realize scrambled eggs are impossible in your universe , since they'd keep reforming into regular eggs !
But I loves eggs scramby !
Plus , the dead wouldn't decompose but instead recombine into large , better organized megacorpses !
. . . I guess if every aspect of our lives has to be ruled by either entropy or giant corpses stridng across the cosmos like GODS , entropy isn't SO bad .
I GUESS
There are some good emojis , but there are not yet ALL the good emojis .
We need more emojis .
We DESERVE more emojis .
Our work as a species is not done until we have more emojis !
THE NEW EMOJIS THE WORLD DESPERATELY NEEDS
Robot face emoji , robot face emoji with red eyes and steam shooting out of its ears , and Batman emoji .
Joker emoji .
HARLEY QUINN EMOJI .
Kid Bruce Wayne lit only by streetlight as he's on his knees surrounded by his dead parents emoji .
Frig , T - Rex .
I'd use that ALL THE TIME .
People who aren't in love but are sleeping with each other emoji : one where that's great , one where it's a disaster .
Straight - up sex emoji !
Walking past your childhood home at night and seeing a strange family lives there now and wondering how their lives are different than yours emoji .
Listening to favourite song too often and now the magic is gone emoji !
As a teen KNOWING that once you had sex you'd never be bored again because you could always remember all the sex you had , but as an adult coming to the quiet realization that , yes , you can be bored by anything emoji .
Oooh ! That last one but with BATMAN instead emoji !
This planet is crazy . I leave out a bowl of spaghetti because I was gonna clean it later and just forgot , which happens all the time to the even most responsible of adults and they should not be made to feel bad about it , and three days later -
- there's mold in it !
Life's EVERYWHERE , man . I throw down some dirt and plants start growing . I leave some water out and microbes are like " cool , time to poop in this or whatever it is we do " . Sterile environments are hard to create and harder to maintain , because life is GAGGING for a chance to get in there and spread all over the place !
You see life as . . . an infection ?
You could ! One that's OUT OF CONTROL !
There's extremophiles that live in acid , in deserts , on the ocean floor , and under Antarctic ice . You know how hard it'd be to wipe out all life from the planet ? It's RIDICULOUS . Super expensive .
This sounds like super villain talk , dude !
Hah hah ! What a ridiculous allegation !
[ [ Thinking ] ] THE TIME TO READY THE DOOMSDAY ENGINE HAS ARRIVED
HOW TO MAKE FUN OF PEOPLE FROM HISTORY
5 YEARS AGO :
Hah hah , you jerks don't even know if the Higgs boson is real or not !
55 YEARS AGO :
hah ha , you losers don't have communication satellites , video games , cell phones , OR lasers , plus you haven't even sequenced a single DNA yet !
They also don't have the internet .
Oh yeah , that too ! ! Hah hah hah !
LOSERS
555 YEARS AGO :
Hey , what are toilets that flush like ?
Oh wait , sorry , YOU WOULDN'T KNOW .
5555 YEARS AGO :
Hey , how's the writing coming ? Oh sorry , I forgot you're still messing around with PROTOWRITING .
Of which little can be said because we lost most of your documents !
Lost . . . or THREW AWAY , because turns out PROTOWRITING IS PROTOBORING ? ?
55 , 555 YEARS AGO :
Hey idiots ! ! Watch me blow your minds : FARMING , POTTERY , ROPE , AND DOGS .
. . . Listen , I'm sorry I called you guys idiots , you live with mammoths and sabre - tooth tigers ; you got enough troubles already .
I'll show myself out , sorry again
One day Batman was like , man , I keep running in circles with these stupid criminals I fight . I need to fight SMARTER , not harder !
And he realized the way Poison Ivy got plants to do things for her was pretty smart ! !
So he duplicated her chemicals and then he could control plants too , and he also got her immunity to all toxins and poisons which was also great . Plant Batman was even more effective at stopping crime than Regular Batman ! Even Alfred was like " Dang , plants would help me be a better butler " and became Plant Alfred , using plants to deliver snacks to Batman in the field .
Plant Batman saw how effective Plant Alfred was and open - sourced his chemicals !
Soon all of Gotham could control plants !
Plants were soon used to do dangerous industrial work , and farming was now trivial . As plants had become a source of free , sustainable , and ethical labour , the allowed Gotham to enter a sustained period of universal post - scarcity prosperity . Crime was now fought by removing its economic triggers , thanks to plants .
And while Earth life - animal AND plant - based - spread out amongst the stars , they never forgot the names of " Poison Ivy " and " Batman " . THE END .
P . S . : Super man was like " dang I mostly just punched guys ; this works way better , wow "
One day , the land on Earth and the water on Earth got swapped ! All ground became ocean , and all ocean became ground !
Whoops ! ! Turns out this was fatal to basically everyone ?
But there were a few survivors : people in planes and and those on beaches , where the land / water inversion had a minimal effect . Most , however , suddenly found themselves under miles of water while those in boats found themselves freefalling towards what had previously been the ocean floor !
It was rough friggin' times for anyone who'd gotten used to being alive !
How did this happen ?
Quickly ! Oh , AND unexpectedly !
Switching from a planet of mostly land to a mostly water planet caused mass extinction , and -
Wait , don't you mean " to a mostly - LAND planet " ? That's what you get if you flip Earth .
No , Utahraptor : this isn't a story . It's HISTORY . OUR world IS the flipped world ! !
LATER , THE FOSSIL RECORD SHOWS PRECISELY ZERO EVIDENCE OF AN EARTH / WATER FLIP
Man ! History is the " um actually " of academic disciplines .
Um , ACTUALLY , I'm pretty sure that's science .
ARGH ! !
The " grey good " nightmare scenario that haunts nanotechnology may be fiction - FOR NOW ? ? - but there IS a technology that has already escaped our control and is working to reproduce itself indefinitely .
I speak , of course , of " music " !
Music , or " Musical USIC " , was developed thousands of years ago , originally as a way to fill those troublesome , awkward pauses in conversation . However the technology soon mutated , using OUR OWN BODIES to reproduce . Many who have been exposed to music report feeling songs were " stuck in [ their ] head " and could only be exorcised by singing , whistling , humming , or playing the song in question - which of course allows the infection to spread .
Worse , many of us have been lost to music !
Sadly , this is true .
Even today , millions of lost souls - already under the influence of music - decide to dedicate their lives towards producing more of it .
Others pay for the privilege of standing around watching others produce music on a stage . This bizarre behaviour is thought " normal " .
Even Presidents have been seen producing music , and under their oversight music was included on the Voyager spacecraft , spreading the infection out to the cosmos . Earth shall not be forgiven .
MUSIC : NOT EVEN ONCE
THE LIFECYCLE OF COOL
BIRTH :
Personally , I think it's cool to say " pooty poot " !
GROWTH :
Wow , EVERYONE thinks it's cool to say " pooty poot " !
OVERGROWTH :
My mom said " pooty poot " to me , and she didn't even use it correctly . Parents are THE WORST at slang ! PARTICULARLY at slang that " s unfamiliar to them but they make the attempt anyway because they want to reconnect with their children , who were so happy when they were younger but now seem to be turning into distant , sullen strangers .
GOD .
PRECIPITOUS DECLINE :
My and forwarded " Lol , Jesus memes ! Funny but respectful ! ! " and added " pooty poot ( ; " .
THE WORST
IRONY :
And may I just say . . . " pooty poot " ?
Hah hah hah hah !
People from three weeks ago were IDIOTS .
NOSTALGIA COMEBACK :
Does anyone else remember . . . POOTY POOT ? ?
OH MY GOD , THAT REMINDS ME OF A MONTH AGO ! ! LIKE IF YOU AGREE !
SHARE IF YOU WILL NEVER STOP POOTY POOTING
We are surrounded by computers , so we should probably know something about them , huh ? ?
COMPUTER SCIENCE
WITH T - REX
Anyway , the deal with computers is that they're better at math than you are , and we all just have to deal with that . But we're still better than computers at a few things , including : hearing a paradox without exploding , understanding this emotion called " love " , and getting a TINY bit of water on us and not breaking forever even though it was just a stupid tiny bit of water .
What does the future hold for computer science ?
I'm glad you asked !
Future computers will unravel paradoxes with the same gentle skill they use in unraveling our hearts , and the only water to affect them will be the joyous falling of our tears as we weep in the face of their perfection .
CONGRATULATIONS
" YOU = COMPUTER SCIENCE EXPERT " NOW EVALUATES TO TRUE
Okay , we didn't actually learn much about computers last time . Let's do better this time , huh ?
COMPUTER SCIENCE WITH T - REX
Computers are useful because they eat electricity instead of animal parts . In olden times computers were made out of people and you had to feed them animal parts , vegetables , and water or else they'd DIE .
Do you mean " made out of people " like a soccer team is , or like soylent green is ?
USUALLY the former ? ?
Plus , modern computers are way better than history ones to play first person shooters on .
Yep !
People computers would just sit there doing ray casting by hand for like two hours before saying " okay the wall you were facing has gotten slightly closer " . It's the worst .
No WONDER ol' Jim Computer famously wrote " I proposse that Coumpueters be Giant Machinnes that eventullye get Fastte and Cool " !
CONGRATULATIONS
SEVERAL OF THE FACTS PRESENTED HERE ARE TRUE
Last chance . Listen , I know we all really need to learn about computers before the big exam in an hour , and I'm sorry we've had such back luck with this so far .
COMPUTER SCIENCE WITH T - REX
Computer crime costs billions of dollars every year ! And in retrospect , it totally stands to reason that once we created computers , those computers would of course start getting big into crime . However , due to a loophole in our meat - centric laws , NOT A SINGLE COMPUTER HAS EVER GONE TO JAIL FOR A CRIME !
Is this . . . the greatest legal loophole of all time ? ?
Most legal scholars agree : YES !
And it's why so many teens are good at computers . They all hope to be the first to program their criminal minds into a computer , for she who does so will be above all laws , all punishment , and NO JAIL WILL EVER HOLD HER .
Wow , I'm mega jealous of teens right now ! !
CONGRATULATIONS
TO THE FUTURE CRIMINAL TEENS WHO ARE READING THIS FROM NSIDE A COMPUTER
STEAL ME SOMETHING GOOD PLEASE
Some problems are hard , even for computers , so they take a while to solve because we don't know any better way to solve them . We call these " NP hard " problems , which is short for " No [ way ! ! This problem is ] Probably hard "
But there is a LIFE HACK you can use to speed up ANY computer , even the crappy one you were going to give your grandmother . First , you start your computer on the problem . Then , you blast off and orbit a black hole at nearly the speed of light ! There are many benefits to this , such as undergoing " time dilation " , where time for you passes much slower compared to time for your grandmother who got stuck with your crappy laptop !
And when you return , guess what ?
My calculation will be complete ?
YES , and done in what to you is MUCH faster than polynomial time . Thanks to TIME DILATION , any computer can be made into a supercomputer ! !
But I'd be returning a stranger to an unknown world that went on without me generations ago , where everyone I ever knew is long dead .
Yes
As I say , there are many benefits
Hey , how are you ?
I'm fine .
BETTER ANSWERS TO " HEY HOW ARE YOU ? " THAN " I'M FINE "
How . . . AM I ? Well , I suppose the way I am is accomplished through chemistry , but precisely HOW remains unknown . Gosh , we're not even sure if it's POSSIBLE for our brains to fully comprehend themselves , as this may by definition require a better , more advanced brain . However , given recent ( very exciting ) advances in nihilist philosophy , I -
Hey , how are you ?
A memory from fifteen years ago woke me up last night .
The emotions I'd felt then were so fresh in my mind that it was as if the years between us were nothing . I lay alone in the darkness , and it was then I knew that no matter how far we go , the past is never a thing we leave behind , but rather a thing we must drag along with us .
Cool , me too
Hey , how are you ?
I'm a skeleton wrapped in meat that thinks it's alive ! !
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
When some slugs an snails get horny , they try to spear each other with a spear grown inside their own bodies before actually having sex !
THIS IS ABSOLUTELY NOT A METAPHOR .
It's called a " love dart " and they literally grow it inside their own bodies . Scientists were like , " oh , it delivers sperm " - but NOPE . Then they were like , " oh it's a . . . gift ? Of . . . calcium ? " but NOPE . Turnout the dart - that sometimes GOES STRAIGHT THROUGH THEIR HEADS TO STICK OUT THE OTHER SIDE - has mucus on it , and that helps sperm survive .
Like we needed sex to be EVEN WEIRDER .
I know ! !
Do they fire them like arrows ?
It's more of a . . . straight - up stabbing ?
But here's the thing : snails that do this are NATIVE TO GREECE : the same place CUPID comes from ! It's entirely possible we imagined Cupid up after watching these snails stab each other right before boning . And that's how one of our oldest and most central love metaphors is based entirely on horny snails .
Sex is weird
And bodies are gross
Many of us don't like talking to strangers , probably because it's the worst ! But " society " decided doing that is fun or cool or whatever .
HOW TO SUCCEED AT SMALL TALK
Small talk is the timeless , beautiful art of talking to someone you've never met and will likely never meet again for a few minutes so you won't seem weird . But the good news is this : Either your partner is a ) one of those people who likes small talk and can therefore carry you along with them ( these are called " extroverts " and this is their only use ) , or b ) as desperate and and terrified as you are .
So what are your tips at small talk ?
Ask questions , and when answering ADD DETAILS .
Details increase the chance your partner - GOD WILLING - will find something interesting about you . This lengthens the conversation . Once you've talked for five minutes , say " Great chatting with you , [ PERSON'S NAME IF YOU STILL REMEMBER IT , YOU WON'T ] , but I've got to go . "
CONCLUSION : Any friend you make through small talk is suspect , for you will always wonder if they actually like you , or if they've just hung out for years because they do not know how to extricate themselves from the conversation .
Mice ! They are the most studied animal in our time . Their genome was sequenced before ours was , and no other animal has undergone so much genetic experimentation !
Mice : Science's BFFs
The fact is , if Peter Parker was going to go to a science demonstration and get bit by a radioactive anything , it wouldn't be a spider : it would be a mouse . He wouldn't turn into Spider - Man . He'd turn into Mouse - Man . The only question is . . . what would his powers be ?
Well , if he's like the mouse , he's excellent at teaching us about our own bodies !
So , a professor .
And he'd also be good at solving puzzles because he'd always get to each cheese after .
A quirky professor .
And he's breathe quickly .
A quirky , nervous professor .
And he'd be so good at licking himself that he'd never have to take a bath .
Utahraptor !
Yes ?
Um , never have I wanted to read about a fictional character's adventures so badly until this very moment ? ?
Tired of BABY BOOKS where all you read are words ? Looking for something a LITTLE more advanced than books where there's only one single picture , and it's already on the cover ? May I be so bold as to suggest . . .
COMICS ? ?
But I've heard rumours that consuming words AND pictures at the same time is far too challenging for all but the greatest professional readers at the peak of their careers !
Incredibly , while comics DO pair the finest literary imagery with the finest LITERAL imagery in a blend of prose and pictures so perfect that even the most dour sommeliers weep tears of joy when first exposed to the transcendent brilliance of the medium , comics are also very accessible !
But what if I like novels where you just read WORD after WORD after WORD for hundreds of pages straight ?
Sure !
But imagine that was fun , but with IMAGES woven into its DNA . Imagine work by an author who knows a picture is worth a thousand words , but who doesn't then turn around and WRITE THOSE THOUSAND WORDS INSTEAD . Imagine books finally reaching their final , peak form . Imagine COMICS .
I am , and it's - It's SO beautiful .
Also , sometimes they have punchlines at the end !
But not always ?
Hah hah hah ! !
NOPE .
Things You Can Get For Free
1 . ) FREE ADVICE
Hello !
I'm a stranger with unsolicited opinions on how you should live your life .
OH WOW
THIS IS GONNA BE GREAT AND NOT AWFUL AT ALL .
2 . ) FREE DISEASES
THERE NOW YOU HAVE A COLD .
Aw Man ! !
3 . ) FREE REGRETS
The waiter said " enjoy your meal " and I said " you too ! "
. . . Oh my gosh . I'm SO sorry .
I'm leaving town and starting over . It's my only option left .
Goodbye my friend , and good luck in your new identity .
You too !
AW . DAMN IT ! !
4 . ) FREE SPAM EMAILS
Remember when computers were fun ?
Nope .
5 . ) FREE COMICS CONVENTION
Hey , this one actually sounds terrific ! I'd love to go to one .
Even for people who aren't comics fans , it's a great way to explore the medium in a low pressure , fun environment !
6 . ) FREE GRADUAL , IRREVERSIBLE DECLINE OF YOUR BODY AND ITS FACULTIES OVER TIME
Maaan ! This sucks , but I mean , we DID get to go to a free comics convention that one time .
NO REGRETS ! !
" The final score was [ number ] with a [ stunning | surprising | honestly kind of expected ] [ upset | turnaround | nice bit of sports ] in the [ 1st | 2nd | etc ] [ inning | round | whatever ] . " I was gonna say you could write a program to do sports reporting , but guess what ?
I'M ALREADY ON IT , JERKS !
Sure , computers might be able to write score summaries , but post - game interviews still take fleshy mortals ! What we need is an AI to report on THOSE .
Pfft . It's not that hard , yo ! When their team wins , coaches ALWAYS attribute it to a good hustle . When they lose , coaches say there were definitely some good hustles out there , but you can't win em all . DONE .
Is this like in movies , where the nerd realizes snooker is just applied geometry and then is suddenly great at pool ?
YES .
Utahraptor , once I Realized sports is just a computational challenge waiting to be solved , I've been watching 'em on the regular to tweak my algorithm ! But it hasn't stopped there ! I even want to . . . DO a sport ? ?
No Way !
I woke up the other day and realized I want to earn . . . SPORTS POINTS ? ?
My nerdy interest in computer science has enabled me to EMULATE being a regular person ! !
You're saying -
Yes .
THE HOLY GRAIL OF COMPUTER SCIENCE HAS BEEN ACHIEVED
Here's brain teaser for your face ! AND your brain inside your face !
who would win in an all - guys game of soccer baseball :
A team of soccer players , or a team of baseball players ?
Soccer baseball isn't a real sport , dude .
YES IT IS . It's like baseball , but with a soccer ball ! It combines the thrill of running around bases with the similar - but - distinct thrill of kicking a soccer ball !
Then I guess I'd give it to the soccer players ?
See , I'm not so sure !
Baseball players know the rules of baseball , which is an advantage since the game is basically " funner baseball " .
True !
But soccer players have people in their lives who say " your fit , beautiful body looks great in this " , while baseball players APPARENTLY only have mullet salesman who whisper DAMNED , DIRTY LIES in their ears while they sleep .
I thought we were deciding who would win the game , not who is the sexiest ? ?
Oh man , I'm sorry !
I always forget the TRAGICALLY LIMITED WAY in which straight guys experience professional athletics ! !
There are a bunch of foods we eat that do not look like a food ! Examles include oh I don't know . . .
LOBSTERS ? ?
Mussels look gross too , and truffle fungus is delicious but looks like , and in fact literally IS , a fungus . How did we start eating these things ?
Someone in history times looked at them and thought , " eh , worth a shot " ?
Yes ! We didn't have SCIENCE to tell us what was good and bad . We just went around gobbling whatever !
I admire the whole " you know what ? SCREW IT , I'ma eat this and see what happens " attitude .
Me too ! !
To be the man who sees something unfamiliar , who stares mystery in the face for a long moment before announcing " I'm gonna eat that " . . . I wanna BE him , you know ?
I want to DATE him .
I . . . kinda do too ? ?
T - REX'S SEXUALITY :
I have to say it ? You're really going to make me say it ?
Because I'll say it ! !
EVERYONE , we are producing WAY too much culture !
We all know nobody can read all the books being printed . Throw on top of that all movies , websites , people posting on social media , and it's like - who are y'all producing all this culture for ? Seriously . Who ?
It's not me ! I'm not reading all y'alls Twitter ! !
I'M JUST SCROLLING ON BY
You know how peeps used to study medieval history and then they'd be an expert on medieval history ?
Sure !
Well THAT worked because we forgot most of what happened then ! But with everything recorded forever now ( THANKS , FACEBOOK AND THE NSA ) we have enough data for expertise in SINGLE DAYS . Questions about October 26th 2015 will be answered by the dude with a PhD in Applied and Theoretical October 26th 2015 Studies !
. . . I guess I'd better make today count then , huh ? I wouldn't want to let down that future scholar ! Or Facebook . Or the NSA .
. . .
It's nice to be loved
NERDS : The 2000kcal recommended diet includes 6 ? g daily of cobalamine vitamin B12 ; a serving of our cereal meets 23 % of that standard , which rises to 33 % when 250ml of skimmed milk is added .
HOW TO ADVERTISE CEREAL
SEXY : Your man woke up hungry ? NOT A PROBLEM . Just grab our cereal and watch him swallow what he craves : a non - homogeneous slurry of room - temperature cereal and animal lactates .
. . . You find that sexy ?
. . . You DON'T ?
EXISTENTIALIST : Life feeds on life .
We've done the reaping for you ? .
LIFESTYLE : Look at this celebrity you love eating our cereal ! They seem pretty put - together , right ? Their problems are better than your problems . They never cry in the shower .
Maybe it's the cereal .
ESSENTIALIST : You have to eat food or you'll die . If you eat this food , then you won't die from not eating a food , at least for a little while .
SOLD
I think the hardest job must be the job of Hallowe'en puns . They've all been done ! You're never going to come up with anything new .
Land of the free , home of the GRAVE ? Done !
Darkness cannot drive out darkness : only FRIGHT can do that ? Done !
Well , these aren't really puns so much as they're substituting a phoneme with another word that's vaguely terror related . Instead of horizons , GOREizons . Instead of computer science , com - BOO - ter CRY - ence .
Combooter cryence sounds like it's for crybabies . I like it , but it sounds like it's for crybabies .
THE END
BONUS COMIC
Why do ghosts like mines ?
I don't know !
Why DO ghosts like mines ?
Because there are 30 ghosts for every alive person and the ghost world is desperately overpopulated .
I HOPE YOU ENJOYED THIS BONUS COMIC
Mines open up precious new territory for them to expand into !
We , as a people , write stories EVERY DAY where crazy , impossible things happen . We don't let reality constrain us ONE FRIGGIN' BIT . And that's great ! But when it comes to CHIP FLAVOURS suddenly we're all ,
" Waah , I'm a big baby who can't handle things that don't literally already exist ! "
We should be inventing NEW flavours ! I can get " salt and vinegar " here in reality , which I REMIND YOU is already lousy with both salt AND vinegar . I CAN MAKE THAT FLAVOUR MYSELF . Give me BLACK HOLE flavoured chips !
Sadness flavoured chips !
Space alien flavoured chips ! !
What does a black hole taste like ?
Dunno , I guess I'd better buy these chips and find out !
This is what literally everyone will say , OUT LOUD . We've built a civilization that can alter the basic building blocks of FLAVOUR HERSELF , and like CHUMPS we're using it to reproduce things we can already eat . Frig , no wonder extrasolar civilizations haven't contacted us yet !
You're arguing that to get alien races to contact us , we should produce POTATO CHIPS that taste like what we imagine EATING THEIR BODIES IS LIKE .
Utahraptor , bad news ! I know you're trying to make my idea sound stupid , but it still sounds awesome and has literally zero downsides ! !
Hey , I have some surprising news ! Supertasters are a real thing !
I know !
I ALSO thought they were just trying to get out of eating their kale !
But it turns out there's a gene called " TAS2R38 " , which sounds like an uncool name for a gene until you realize it kinda spells " taser38 " , and this gene is associated iwth tasting " propylthiouracil " , which ITSELF sounds like an uncool name for a chemical until you realize it's shortened to " PROP " , as in the massive props the cool people of the world dish out and , in turn , crave from others !
So supertasters taste stuff the rest of us don't ?
And 5 % of us show this GENETIC MUTAT - ION .
But it's not , like , a PERK . Fewer foods taste good , more taste gross , and they're at higher risk of COLON CANCER because they don't eat enough veggies . That's right . Apparently not eating enough vegetables can help you get LITERAL CANCER .
AHHHHHHHH
VEGETABLES : HEY , SCREW YOU TOO BUDDY
One day Batman was looking out for crime on a rooftop in Gotham City while also brooding when he realized , " wait a second , my enemies each reflect some element of myself ! "
" For example , " he brooded dramatically , " Two - Face reflects my OWN dual identity ! "
" And Joker's chaos is an inverse reflection of your desire for control , " Robin added . Batman nodded . " Catwoman , " Batman said , " enjoys the thrill of dressing up and breaking the law ; Scarecrow seeks to terrify his enemies ; Mr . Freeze claims to be dead to all emotions , which gives him focus . All such descriptions could be seen as aspects of myself . "
" I'm surprised I didn't deduce this sooner , " Batman added .
" My enemies are great for drama but suboptimal for me to stop crime with , " Batman realized .
So what'd he do ?
Oh , he swapped enemies with Superman . Supes was able to round up Batman's enemies quickly , and Batman made quick work of all Superman's enemies too . They'd prepared for a strong alien vulnerable to Kryptonite and not a smart human who didn't care about tiny green rocks . Crime was over , the end !
I call my tale , " Poison Ivy Reflects Batman's Desire to Garden A Little More And Also Mind - Control People So They Kiss Him , And He Is A Little Scared of How That Makes Him Feel . "
HOW TO MAKE NEW FRIENDS AS AN ADULT
are you an adult ? Hah hah hah hah hah ! !
SUCKER
Anyway , you've probably noticed that it's hard to make friends now that you're LITERALLY OLD . You're so busy with JOBS and RESPONSIBILITIES and THAT BABY OR BABIES YOU THOUGHT YOU'D HAVE that you barely have time for existing friendships , much less making new ones ! You have to SCHEDULE hang - outs with your current friends !
Who DOES that ?
Adults do thta !
Friggin' adults , man !
In any case , the key to new friends is casual social contact , so join a club or whatever . And if clubs are too much , join a mailing list ! I've made several friends on my mailing list about dogs !
Are these friends . . . dogs ?
NO , they're not DOGS ! OBVIOUSLY ! !
BUT SECRETLY . . .
Utahraptor must never know I've been making friends with dog owners purely to gain access to the friendship of their dogs !
Utahraptor must never know I HAVE NO REGRETS
POP QUIZ , HOTSHOT : there's an out of control train ! If it goes straight , it'll run over five people ! But you can redirect it so it only hits one person instead . WHAT DO YOU DO ? ?
I mean , obviously redirect the train , right ?
But now what if INSTEAD you're on a bridge , and the only way to redirect the train is to PUSH THAT ONE DUDE OVER THE BRIDGE to his CERTAIN DEATH ? ?
Eugh , that's way harder . Can I jump off the bridge myself , dying a hero ?
NOPE . He's really chubby so only his GIANT BODY will do the trick . Also , this is a real problem ethicists write about and they have made his monumental corpulence CRITICAL .
But . . . what if Chubby Dude is the one who messed with the train's brakes ?
Push him ! Dude deserves it ! !
But what if Chubby Man only messed with the brakes because he was trying to REPAIR them and he sucks ? ?
I guess - still push him ? But feel worse about it ?
What if he sucks because he is a LITERAL BABY ? ? Are you going to KILL A BABY , Utah - raptor ? ?
. . . Ethicists really worry about this situation ?
Dude , it's their JOB to argue all day about whether throwing fat incompetent babies off bridges to save five people is ethical !
" GOOD WORK IF YOU CAN GET IT "
English has been blessed by many ways to say " I say , that is a thing that is hot " . But sometimes it can be hard to remember where each expression ranks in terms of relative hotness ! But check it out :
HOT METAPHORS
as arranged by increasing hotness
At the cold end of the scale we find " hot as the Dickens " , because Charles Dickens was a real guy who is dead now , so he is a skeleton man . Skeletons are the temperature of the ground , which is cold and boring . Let's say . . . 10 degrees celsius .
I thought " dickens " was a minced oath meaning " devil " ?
UH , NOT ANYMORE
Next is " hot as fish grease " : 190 degrees celsius , or 19 boring grounds stacked together .
Pretty hot !
Then we have " hot as hell " , which being at the centre of the Earth is around 6000 degrees celsius , or 31 fish greases . This is followed by " hot as the sun " : 15 million degrees celsius , which science dictates is around 2500 hells , 79 thousand fish greases , or 1 . 5 million skeletons .
Finally , we have the hottest thing : balls . If you have ever tripped balls , you know how hot they can be .
They can be hot as balls .
One day Poison Ivy was like , what the hell , why am I not the star of the comic ? I am a woman who can control plants I have ACTUAL SUPERPOWERS .
Then she controlled plants to make trees over the Arctic .
She was like , there , that's climate changed solved . Trees trap carbon and expel delicious oxygen . DONE . Then she brushed off her hands and was like , anything else ? I got a few minutes before lunch .
Finally someone else was like " Hey Ivy , what about the Great Pacific Garbage Patch ? "
Then she used algae to grab all the floating plastics and microplastics ?
You know it !
Kelp piled on too , making the plastic sink to the ocean floor and right into a subduction plate , where it was drawn into the Earth's mantle and harmlessly destroyed .
Where was Batman during all this ?
While Ivy was giving everyone on Earth a second chance , Batman was punching a murder clown .
The End
P . S . : POISON IVY LATER MADE PLANTS THAT GROW CURES FOR CANCER
~ ~ FACEBOOK SIMULATOR ~ ~
a comic to use when facebook is down
1 ) aim directly at face 2 ) read using eyes and brain 3 ) enjoy !
Let's see what's new on Facebook !
Oh wow ! Turns out some of your Facebook friends DO find minor annoyances annoying !
Next up there's a sponsored post that says you won't believe what's blowing up Kickstater . You'll easily believe it though ; it's just a weird belt or something . Moving along . Ooh , look : another friend posted pictures of their baby even though literally everyone she knows has already seen that baby !
Eugh . Better like it of I'll get a text asking why I didn't like her post .
Now another friend is posting lyrics from angry break up songs !
Let's like that too !
Bold choice . Here's a friend crossposting from Twitter , so all these @ tags don't work .
Like !
Your aunt pasted 15 paragraphs and says " only 4 % of Facebook will be brave enough to share this . "
Like AND share !
Oh no ! Upon inspection it was actually a racist screed that relies on made - up quotes and statistics !
AT THIS POINT YOU SHOULD FEEL LIKE YOU'D LIKE TO CLOSE FACEBOOK
THIS CONCLUDES FACEBOOK SIMULATOR
Even in olden times , stories got terrible sequels ! This myth is ACTUAL FOLLOWUP to the famous " King Midas Messes Up His 'Everything I Touch Turns To Gold' Wish , And How " .
KING MIDAS 2 : YOUR ASS IS GRASS
it is horrible
So after Midas got over his gold thing , he started chilling with Pan , of " pan flute " fame . And one day Pan and the god Apollo had a battle of the bands ! Midas claimed Pan won , but Pan played a crappy 'Mary Had A Little Lamb' rendition on his dinky flute , and Apollo was like , " Dude , I ROCKED 'Chopin's Impromptu No . 4' on my lyre . "
" The lyre is that weird U - shaped harp you're probably thinking of , " Apollo added .
Midas still claimed Pan won , so Apollo cursed him with ass's ears !
Which are donkey ears if you're not rude !
Midas used his crown to cover them , but his barber obviously found out and had to tell SOMEONE . So he dug a hole and whispered " King Midas has ass's ears ! " into it , as one does . Then grass sprang up , whispering the same phrase to passers - by !
When Midas found out everyone knew , he died of embarrassment .
The failure of Midas 2 ensured there would be no Midas 3 , which was a planned prequel wherein Young Midas wished everything he touched turned to ears .
THE END .
One day a lady named Pasiphae gave birth to a creature with the head of a bull and the body of a guy , which she named " The Minotaur " . First name " The " , last name " Minotaur " , I guess .
THE MINOTAUR
Turned out her son liked to eat PEOPLE which was disappointing for a lot of reasons , not the least of which was that neither bulls nor guys typically ate people .
How'd she get pregnant in the first place ?
Oh , she fell in love with a bull and so hid inside a fake hollow bull in order to have sex with the bull .
Of course ! !
Then she built a maze and put him inside it , yeah ?
Yes ! And every 9 years , 7 maidens and 7 bachelors were sacrificed to him .
He can live 9 YEARS off of 14 dudes ?
The Minotaur was a new , greater form of life , with a monstrously efficient digestive system , soon studied by scientists . The secret of his reduced calorie diet was isolated and used to end world hunger . And the Minotaur still ate people but was now , quite sensibly , fed the donated bodies of already - dead volunteers .
Everyone lived happily ever after , except the person who instituted the " let's feed him living maidens " program , who was later fired and prosecuted .
THE END
Concluding Myth week , we have the story of Pan , Midas's Friend Who Wasn't The Best At Music ! You might remember him as " Flute Guy " ? Anyway , this is his very last story . This is the story of the DEATH of a GOD . This is . . .
THE DEATH OF PAN .
One day , Pan died . Later on , this dude Thamus drove around in a boat telling everyone about it .
THE END .
. . . That's it ?
That's LITERALLY THE WHOLE STORY .
It doesn't even say HOW he died . Was it old age ? Did he turn into a swarm of tinier Pans but then they all got eaten by birds ? ALL ARE EQUALLY POSSIBLE IN THE GREEK MYTHS .
Pan could split into tiny Pans ? I thought he was the horny god who liked sex .
He could be both horny and tiny .
Anyway , asthe particulars of Pan's death have never been revealed , it's wide open for any author to write his official ending ! AND I HAVE DONE SO .
* ahem *
It's the horny one
It sure is a pain that we can buy clothes to obscure the raw , naked parts of our bodies EXCEPT the top of our heads .
Unless . . . !
A SCENE FROM THE UNIVERSE WHERE HATS DIDN'T GET INVENTED UNTIL NOW
I call them " H . A . T . S . " , Dromiceiomimus , short for " Head Armour Technology " ! They not only protect you from the ACTUAL RADIATION spewing out from the sun , but some can be " hardened " to protect from even a falling hammer ! I call them , " Hard H . A . T . S " .
Why aren't you wearning a " H . A . T . " ?
The wind blew it away . Listen : I'm working on it .
Are H . A . T . s mandatory ? I like showing off my headmeats .
Not at all !
While H . A . T . s CAN be used to communicate status , occupation , rank , the weather , or the fact that you're a fancy person watching a fancy horse race , they're fully optional . Just like . . . all other clothes ? ?
WOOOO ! !
PARTY NAKED FOREVER ! !
YOU ARE NOW UNCOMFORTABLY AWARE YOU'RE READING A COMIC ABOUT NAKED DINOSAURS
WOW
HOPE YOU'RE NOT AT WORK , PERVO
Oh no ! ! A mad professor has turned economics , which even ECONOMISTS know is the most dismal of sciences , into a real person ! And now she's following me around !
Love is transactional at the chemical level , and likely others .
Nooooo
That pumpkin you carved at Hallowe'en and put outside until it rotted could've been donated as food , but instead you chose to put your pleasure above the starvation of others .
Friggin' economics . You know what I love about EVERY OTHER SCIENCE , Dromiceiomimus ?
How none of them are economics ?
AMONG MANY OTHER THINGS , yes .
Every hour you spend making love costs you the wage you could've produced by selling your labour on a job site
Oh no , you've got one too ?
YEP .
Talking to this friend costs you the oppounity to talk to other friends , who might be having better conversations right now
Your perfect life , which you are not living , robs the world of a better you , who would be a more valuable person
* sigh *
All relationships can be reduced to trade in which party tries to profit more than the other , and all people can be reduced to selfish economic actors looking to maximize returns .
EXCUSE ME , WE ALREADY SAID * SIGH *
FORK FACTS
now with executive summary !
We eat many meals with forks today because we're like , " wow , this is way easier than getting spaghetti sauce all over my hands , face , clothing , and / or naked chest ! "
We were , sadly , not ALWAYS so smart !
Personal " I'ma eat my food with this " forks showed up around the 4th century in Byzantine Empire , which was very excited for people who liked clean hands . Then it took us literally FIVE HUNDRED YEARS for them to catch on in the Middle East , and another hundred or so until they arrived in Italy . In 11th century Italy , forks were a big forkin' deal !
You HAD to go for the " forkin' " pun .
I . . . forkgot not to ? ?
But here's the crazy part : forks still took HUNDREDS of years to reach Europe . They made sense in Italy because of pasta , but the rest of Europe was like " wow , forks are for stupid babies " , due to their Italian Racisms ! So they just DID WITHOUT .
Friggin' Europe .
Right ? !
EXECUTIVE SUMMARY :
- - forks : good thing to eat a food with
- - you CAN eat spaghetti naked
- - Europe : racisms ? ?
- - forks not actually recommended for stupid babies
One day Batman was in the Batcave and was like , " Man , The Riddler's real name LITERALLY is 'Edward Nigma' . E . Nigma . And Mr . Freeze is ACTUALLY a guy named 'Mr . Fries' " .
" He pronounces it like 'Freeze' , OBVIOUSLY " , he added !
" Harley Quinn , " he continued , " sounds like 'harlequin' which matches her clown theme , but is based on her ACTUALLY GIVEN AT BIRTH real name , 'Harleen Quinzel' . " He signed . " After a certain number of these - " he brooded , then stopped , suddenly fully alert up at his bat computer .
" No , " he whispered . " It couldn't be that easy . "
What'd Batman do then ?
He started looking up names based on other bad guys !
He never knew Bane's real identity , but after finding a beefed - up wreslter in Gotham named " Bay Aynne " , he started to figure it out . Before you knew it , " Clayton F . Ace " , " Kell R . Kroc " , and " Cal Enderman " were all in jail . Crime was done , the end !
" In retrospect " , Batman said , " Dr . Hugo Strange was a gimme " .
" Sherlock ! " Watson said , looking down at his friend and consulting detective completely covered in duck feathers , " What have you deduced yourself into THIS time ? ? "
Sherlock shrugged . Deducing how he ended up here would be a long story !
After Sherlock and Watson deduced a ride home , Sherlock sat in the tub as Watson removed each feather , deducing them one - by - one .
T - Rex , you -
Sherlock sighed . " I'll catch that duck poacher one day , " Sherlock deduced , " if it's the last thing I deduce . " Watson nodded , deducing quickly in agreement .
The bath ended . Sherlock stood , the water deducing off his toned legs .
T - Rex , I -
Watson couldn't help but deduce . Sure , he'd deduced his friend like this before - you'd have to be a saint not to deduce that way sometimes - but he never deduced Sherlock would deduce the same deduction .
Actually - you know what ?
PROCEED .
Watson sighed as Sherlock began deducing his own deduction , deducables deducing deducibly all over his -
I changed my mind ; this is horrible again
Angola Maldives , my cool superspy character , found himself staring down his worst enemy : Brussels Samoa ! And guess what ?
THESE two guys hated each other due to their fundamentally differing ideologies !
" I wonder if we can ever find a common ground , " Angola mused , pointing his gun at Brussels . " Unlikely , " Brussels replied , pointing his own gun at Angola , " as it's been my observation that people tend to calcify into their beliefs as they get older . " " There are exceptions though , " Angola said as he cocked his gun . Brussels nodded . " There are always " - here he cocked his gun too - " exceptions . "
For a long moment , only the snow at Everest's top moved between them .
Yes ! YES .
" I can stay up here longer than you can , " Brussels smirked . " We're in the death zone , above the line where there's enough oxygen in the air to sustain us . I've got my top secret Everest base to return to . But you . . . you've only got the oxygen you're carrying , Angola . "
As he made his way down Everest , Angola was sad that he lost his target but glad that he got to learn more about mountaineering .
Will the future TRULY be like the present , only with more blue LEDs ? ? Will we harness nuclear fusion , or will its power destroy us ? Let's find out together , as we voyage to . . .
THE WORLD OF TOMORROW ! !
50 YEARS IN THE FUTURE :
Not much has changed , T - Rex ! Because as you know , we are dinosaurs , and dinosaurs DO NOT USE TECHNOLOGY ! !
* gasp *
1000 YEARS IN THE FUTURE :
A millennium passing is , to us , as unremarkable as the passing of a single day !
* gasp *
1 MILLION YEARS IN THE FUTURE :
Without invention , technology , or even an oral history to inform us of our past , even a million years can leave no mark on our eternal present , forever unchanging and forever unchanged ! !
Well dang , THIS was a complete waste of time !
BACK IN THE PRESENT :
So as you can see , our descendants will spend the next million years hanging out , and nothing will ever get noticeably worse .
NOT BAD , NOT BAD .
At the top of our list are plasmas ! OBVIOUSLY . Plasmas are ELECTRICALLY CONDUCTIVE GAS , and that is extremely awesome . Lightning is plasma and lightning RULES , therefore plasma easily takes our coveted # 1 spot .
THE CLASSICAL STATES OF MATTER
as arranged from best to worst
In # 2 we have solids ! Solids are so super great that we actually use them as a synonym for " super great " . " He's a solid dude " , we say . Solids combine the thrill of a liquid's tangibility with the frisson of a consistent shape that even plasmas can't offer . We love solids and solids love us , hence their . . . SOLID second - place finishing ? ?
Liquids at # 3 ?
Liquids at # 3 .
While not as good as solids , without liquids we'd lose blood , which means , scientifically , our bodies would be filled with some sort of blood - like gas - in which case minor cuts would send us flying around the room like a balloon - or a " blood plasma " , which I think is already a thing .
Gas is left in last place , of which the less said the better . Easily misplaced and often annoyingly invisible , at its core , a gas is just a liquid someone failed to properly pressurize . T - Rex : This list is objectively correct and , as such , no arguments to the contrary will be entertained .
You've probably spent some time as solid with a bunch of liquids inside you while continually expelling gas . Heck , we've ALL done it . But do you ever wonder if there's . . . BETTER states of matter to spend your time as ?
THE BEST NON - CLASSICAL STATES OF MATTER
At the bottom of our list are Dropletons , which are quasiparticles of electrons and holes . We all love electrons , but some of us have had bad experiences with holes . Sorry , Dropletons . Also , you sound like nerds .
Next is degenerate matter , which sounds like it's really horny ! But instead it's found within neutron stars , scientifically incapable of sex .
BORING
Let's skip to the greatest ones !
Not a problem !
# 2 are superfluids : liquids that can flow without friction . Put a superfluid in a glass and it'll try to CLIMB OUT ON ITS OWN .
Clearly excellent .
Yes . But our # 1 winner must be PHOTONIC MOLECULES : light that behaves like it's got FRIGGIN' MASS .
They're what lightsabers or Green Lantern " hard light " constructs will be made out of , if we ever get around to inventing them . THE END .
Again : as this list is 100 % accurate , no debate will be tolerated .
Having a child or two ? Why not , right ? And while you've probably already bought , like , tiny clothes and stuff . But you've probably ALSO forgotten the most common thing all new parents forget : this kid is gonna need a name !
HOW TO NAME THE CHILD THAT CAME OUT OF YOU ( OR A LOVED ONE )
A common approach is to name the child after what you hope it will do in life . This accounts for names like " Jack " , " Sue " , " Carol " , and " Wade " .
Others believe you should name the child after whatever colour blood is , hence names like " Ruby " , " Rusty " , and " Scarlet " .
Let me guess : you disagree ?
In fact , I do !
There's SO MANY children named after blood already . It's weird . I recommend naming the kid after the most bad - ass animal you can think of : " Wolf " , " Raven " , " T - Rex " , and " Phoenix " are all solid options .
Also " Kitty " and " Newt " .
* sigh *
If all else fails , many simply name their child after whatever they were conceived on top of . People named " Clay " , " Ivy " , and " Cash " : BEHOLD YOUR ORIGINS . The end .
Oh ! And also people named " Mattress " . Duh .
